# IPFS All Hands Call 26 March 2018

- **Moderator:** @daviddias
- **Notetaker:** @Mr0grog
- **Attendees:**
  - @Mr0grog
  - @pmthomps
  - @fsdiogo
  - @dryajov
  - @vmx
  - @frrist
  - @lidel
  - @vyzo
  - @zcstarr
  - @victorbjelkholm
- **Recording:**
  - https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmcUFnk8v7sDcSpeixUNNYPPkyJJ82azLGUgubgcLN3tpf
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u77Z7oN2gVg

## Moderator checklist

- [ ] Ensure that there is a notetaker
- [ ] Start recording
- [ ] Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda
_General discussions, decisions, etc._

- Welcome new people! (if any)

- Interest in live-stream of application building on IPFS? (@victor - 2 minutes)

- [ipfs-desktop v0.4.0](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-desktop/releases/tag/v0.4.0) (@lidel, 2min)
    - "Files" shows.. `ipfs.files` (MFS)
    - MFS feedback and bug reports would be really appreciated!
- OKR Drafts! (@flyingzmwalt, 20 minutes
    - [Q2 2018 OKR Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xIhKROxFlsY9M9on37D5rkbSsm4YtjRQvG2unHScApA/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=101955937682242072998)    

## Demos
_Show your work!_

- MFS scoping for `ipfs.files` exposed via `window.ipfs`  
    - PR (not merged yet): https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion/pull/431 
    - Demo (prerecorded by @alanshaw): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvgxAafphPg

## Q&A, Help Wanted
_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._


## Notes

A few new folks on the call

@Victor: are people Interested in live-stream of application building on IPFS?
- Cover basics
- See things actually being implemented in practice
- Talk through ways to run and manage IPFS apps
- Who wants this to happen? Who wants to be involved and help organize?
- @david: can you make an issue?
    - @victor will create one in `ipfs/notes`
- @david: wish we had a dashboard or gallery of all these apps (to get inspiration from or play around with)
    - @victor: this is a proposal for something like this in `awesome-ipfs`
    - Proposal: https://github.com/ipfs/awesome-ipfs/issues/126

@lidel: IPFS Desktop v0.4 released!
- https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-desktop/releases/tag/v0.4.0
- Quick release with a lot of bugfixes
- Main feature: files tab exposes MFS (Mutable File System)
- Please try it out and report issues!
- @david: is there a blog post?
    - @lidel: no, because it’s mainly a bugfix release
    - Hopefully more exciting releases soon
    - @david: we should probably still announce these things on twitter/reddit/etc.

@flyingzumwalt: OKR Drafts
- Last time we said Working Groups would draft OKRs in spreadsheets and cover them in this call
    - Sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xIhKROxFlsY9M9on37D5rkbSsm4YtjRQvG2unHScApA
    - For reference, Q1 sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1clB-W489rJpbOEs2Q7Q2Jf1WMXHQxXgccBcUJS9QTiI
- No working groups have done so
- What do people need to get this done?
    - Web browsers WG: had a call an hour ago on this; we need at least one more day to make it presentable
    - QA sent an invitation to all the WG leads; since we are supporting all other WGs, We need feedback from you to do ours
    - Infrastructure: Going to meet tomorrow to cover this
    - Cluster: [nobody present]
    - IPLD: We still need to have a call and talk about it
    - Go-IPFS: We will do it this week
    - JS-IPFS: We will cover this in today’s js-ipfs meeting
    - Core: Still trying to schedule a time to discuss
- Do we need anothe special call to pull all this together?
    - Original goal was to have a final call to freeze OKRs on this call next week.
    - Do we need more time or meetings to do that?
        - @why: I'm feeling 60% on that. It’s just a matter of time; don’t necessarily need another large sync-up call.
- @david: **let's follow-up and check-in via e-mail by Wednesday**

Demo: MFS scoping for `ipfs.files` exposed via `window.ipfs` in IPFS Companion (@lidel)
- Pre-recorded demo by Allan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvgxAafphPg
- All calls to MFS will be transparently scoped -- all operations on files will have a particular path pre-pended
- Should effectively sandbox things
    - Isolate data between applications
    - Only user with access to root can access everything
- Still trying to figure out how to name things
- Should be merged before next release
- Hoping for release candidate next week
- Would love some feedback: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion/pull/431
- Q/A:
    - @victor: how do you handle people using relative paths to get out of their scope?
        - @lidel: going one level higher above your root will just return your root
        - Should we return an error instead?
        - @why: no, I think this is ok; it's basically like `chroot`
    - @david: would love to have a feed of these kind of demos; wish people could subscribe to see the new things that are upcoming; new ideas get lost in the mountain of things on Github
        - I'll create an issue
        - People let me know if you'd like this!

