# IPFS All Hands Call 19 March 2018

- **Moderator:** @frrist
- **Notetaker:** @lgierth
- **Attendees:**
  - _attendee names..._
  - @flyingzumwalt
  - @jaycarpenter
  - @Kubuxu
  - @Mr0grog
  - @lidel
  - @Admin-DataRoads (jared)
  - @jonnycrunch
  - @stebalien
  - @zenground0
  - @dryajov
  - @hsanjuan
  - @vasco-santos
  - @fsdiogo
  - @victorbjelkholm
  - @mkg20001
  - @frrist
  - 9 more folks
- **Recording:** https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmRKB4ksEdV7UMgCT6NXSfXfgRguYQP3YUTLXoUJeLmzr7

## Moderator checklist

- [x] Ensure that there is a notetaker
- [x] Start recording
- [ ] Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda
_General discussions, decisions, etc._
<!-- use this format for all topics, demos, etc. that you add to the agenda: -->
- <Topic> (<your_name>, <estimated length in mins>)

- Welcome new people!
    - hi diogo! o/
    - hi vasco! \o
    - hi everybody else! \o/

Open Issues in ipfs/pm (@flyingzumwalt, 5min):
- Auto-assign Moderator and Notetaker: https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/586
    - @lgierth happy about help and giving directions
- Fixing the sprint bot (needs GH issue)
    - same as above
- Proposal for new Q&A time https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/573
    - have been waiting for others to comment before going ahead

Governance, RFCs and OKR Planning (@flyingzumwalt, 15 min)
- Issue: Seeting Q2 OKRs https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/582
- RFC 1: bootstrapping RFC process https://github.com/ipfs/rfcs/pull/1
- RFC 2: Working Groups & Teams https://github.com/ipfs/rfcs/pull/2
    - teams small groups of at least 3 people whose full-time focus is this work (particular product or service)
    - working groups much more lose and including cross-cutting work
    - technically we'd need to have each existing working group define itself before setting their OKRs, but we're not waiting on that :)
- Proposing Three proto-working-group calls: https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/592
    - Decentralized Application Development
        - focused on enabling development of decentralized on apps, regardless of product and team
        - let's get together on a call to see what everybody's up for regarding Q2 OKRs
        - whyrusleeping (go-ipfs) and jonnycrunch (IPID) skeptical there's a need for a call
        - stebalien: do information gathering and discussion in github repos (instead of a call)
        - flyingzumwalt: create repo per WG?
        - daviddias: let's create a timeline first. without that it's going to be hard to finish OKRs in two weeks via github repos
        - now we've come full circle
        - on next week's all hands call, have each group have preliminary OKRs
        - would be useful to know whom to approach for help/information/opinions/requirements about OKRs
        - would be useful to have a shared gdoc spreadsheet again as a source of truth
    - Decentralized Data Stewardship
        - ipfs-cluster team, data together folks, anyone 
    - Protocol Innovation
        - IPLD, libp2p, everything somewhat decoupled from specific products
    - need DRIs for each, who guide these WGs in setting their OKRs

IPFS Docs Research and Roadmap Update (@Mr0grog)
- Brief research results: https://github.com/ipfs/docs/issues/52
- Full research results: https://ipfs.io/ipns/ipfs-docs-research.robbrackett.com/html/ (shortened that link for you, no need for gateway. prefix :])
- Roadmap: https://github.com/ipfs/docs/issues/58
- IRC: freenode#ipfs-docs
- three main groups of people
    - new to ipfs, trying to grok what it's doing and what it's useful for
        - need introductory docs
    - already in the community and building things
        - most important thing *everybody* brought up: need a roadmap about
            - on a technology level, what should i be doing, what's gonna go away, what's gonna come
            - e.g. ipns/pubsub/dnslink
            - need this in all corners of the project
    - interested on the protocol level
        - probably comfortable with the amount of churn
        - could do better with orgnization of github orgs

IPFS GUI Research Update [@lidel, 3min]
- a doc providing background on existing features:
    - https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-ipfs-gui/blob/research/research/README.md
    - each section [links to a dedicated discussion issue](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-ipfs-gui/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22existing+feature%22)
- now is the time to identify what belongs to which app, what we like, what we dont, and what is missing/nice-to-have
- feel free to jump in and provide some feedback in feature-specific GH issues


## Demos
_Show your work!_

- Mount IPFS MFS (`ipfs.files` API) as FUSE volume using Node.js [2min @lidel]
  - sources: https://github.com/tableflip/ipfs-fuse
  - prerecorded demo by @alanshaw: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXkTEBdM6aA
  - @gozala working on something similar (ipfs-drive)
  - @whyrusleeping too (mfs-fuse branch in go-ipfs)
  - pain point: many fuse libraries don't support file locking, which many apps rely on

## Q&A, Help Wanted
_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._

- @flyingzumwalt wants to put themselves into the shoes of a new user and take an ipfs introductory tutorial
    - chat application:
        - made by [p2pchatter](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=p2pchatter)
        - demo: https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmbZVv9q52znhF9wN6GVi55EJQYq2BR6oeTgzVnLxFC7Uf/
        - annotated source: https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmbZVv9q52znhF9wN6GVi55EJQYq2BR6oeTgzVnLxFC7Uf/docs/app.html
    - also multiple examples in the js-ipfs and js-libp2p repos
    - annotated source code (literate-programming-ish) as in p2pchatter above is a great format for code examples
    - executable js code examples embedded in docs website would be cool
    - give feedback on the docs effort discussed earlier/above :)
- did this Q&A part fit your proposal @admin-dataroads?
    - not really, went well over 30min, very technical and inside-baseball, newcomers likely wouldn't be interested in most of that
    - was more thinking of bringing discuss.ipfs.io-style questions here
    - flyingzumwalt: maybe split the call into a project/work section and a q&a section
    - mrgr0g: related to the docs proposals - introductory material, and dictionary of concepts

<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and submitting a PR. -->
