# IPFS All Hands Call 12.02.2018

- **Moderator:** @vmx
- **Notetaker:** @Mr0grog
- **Attendees:**
  - _attendee names..._
  - @mkg20001
  - @Admin-DataRoads (Jared)
  - @lidel
  - @jaycarpenter
  - @vmx
  - @flyingzumwalt
  - @vyzo
  - @dryajov
  - @stebalien
  - @Mr0grog
  - @joeperks
  - @pcardune
  - @jonnycrunch

## Moderator checklist

- [x] Ensure that there is a notetaker
- [x] Start recording
- [x] Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda

- Explaining Mid-quarter OKR Scoring (@flyingzumwalt, 5 min)
    - [IPFS+libp2p Q1 2017 OKRs Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1clB-W489rJpbOEs2Q7Q2Jf1WMXHQxXgccBcUJS9QTiI/edit#gid=534051604)
- Making these calls more inclusive (@flyingzumwalt, 10 min)
- shoutout: Introduction to libp2p by Nik https://blog.keep.network/introduction-to-libp2p-57ce6527babe
- Using the zoom youtube live-stream connection (simplify recording, etc)
- libp2p testbed - experiment on the Metamask network(@kumavis)

- **DEMOS**
    - IPFS Companion (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion/)
        - CI: pre-built extension available on Jenkins ([link](https://ci.ipfs.team/blue/organizations/jenkins/IPFS%20Shipyard%2Fipfs-companion/activity/?branch=master))  (@lidel, 3mins)
        - Firefox extension using embedded js-ipfs for uploads ([wip PR](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion/pull/381), [.zip](https://ci.ipfs.team/job/IPFS%20Shipyard/job/ipfs-companion/job/PR-381/4/artifact/build/ipfs_companion-2.2.0.zip)) (@lidel, 3 mins)

<!-- Add topics and/or below this line. Use this format:

- <Topic> (<your_name>, <estimated length in mins>)


example:
- A new release of js-ipfs is coming! (@diasdavid, 2 mins)
- Demo: PeerPad (@pgte, 4 mins)

The total sum should not exceed 50 mins (10 mins for questions buffer). Topics/Demos that do not get time should be postponed tracked so that a call can be scheduled to go over them.
-->


## Notes

Moderator: @vmx

VMX: to Matt for mid-quarter OKR overview

Matt:
    - Follow the link to the sreadsheet (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1clB-W489rJpbOEs2Q7Q2Jf1WMXHQxXgccBcUJS9QTiI/edit#gid=534051604)
    - First tab is an overview of working groups and top level goals
    - Subsequent tabs are detailed work items for each working group
    - Now, mid-quarter, we get to score ourselves on each of these work items
        - How have we done so far? (rate 0-1)
        - How likely are we to make it by the end of the quarter? (rate 0-1)
        - Should automatically calculate aggregate scores at the top
    - Questions
        - Clarification on each column: "Mid-Q Actual" is actual progress so far, "Mid-Q Projection" is where you think you'll be by the end of the quarter
        - End date of quarter is *week of* March 26 (in column I)

VMX: Any additional agenda items?
    - Nnnnnnope

VMX: Back to Matt for plans on more inclusive calls

Matt:
    - We have lots of people on the call; that’s great
    - But it's consistently *all men.* That’s discouraging
    - Conundrum: we have an open call that anyone can click the link and join, but we’ve introduced a bad existing tech industry cultural bias where men feel more comfortable participating and women less
    - Challenge to all:
        - What can we do to change these calls so they are more inclusive
        - Especially for new folks who are curious about IPFS
        - Don't need to have the answers *now* but we want it on your mind
    - Feedback:
        - Wyatt: Make an invite to speak more explicit in the agenda -- don't just ask for new agenda items, but explicitly welcome new folks and provide them the opportunity to introduce themselves. Don't pressure them to introduce themselves but welcome them to if they haven't yet.  Basically explicitly specify @flyingzumwalt's normal approach so all moderators remember to do this.
        - Lars: Have an explicit space in the meeting for "any questions at all" -- whatever simple questions or free-for-all questions people might have
        - Spread the word more, e.g. on Twitter or something, to try and attract people who are already super-plugged in to the community
        - Matt: Can people identify places where we *don't* advertise this link and should?
        - Jay: In AZ blockchain meetup, a woman who works in a major tech corp locally is super interested; he'll reach out to her; try and send the message that beginners are very welcome in the call. Overall, try and extend more personal invitations!
        - Matt: Everyone, think of individuals you can personally invite
        - Lars: We aren't really announcing this call at all! Don't just announce more, but announce what to expect from the meeting or the goal of the meeting -- set the tone of the meeting before it even starts
        - Jared: "all hands call" has a pretty specific meaning in Agile/sprint-based work that implies a working group situation more than an open call. Counterpoint to earlier bit about explicit introductions: that can be intimidating and off-putting to some people, especially those who are in already minimized groups. People may not want to be singled out.
        - Matt: How do we welcome newcomers without singling them out
        - Lars: Generally we need to lower the barrier for participating in the meeting. Used to stream this on Youtube and lots of people watched. Maybe we should do that again?
    - Matt: Can someone build action items based on the notes?
        - [Lars and Jared raise hands]

VMX: Good libp2p intro blog post by Nick; everyone should check it out

VMX: Using the zoom youtube live-stream connection? (Back to Matt) 

Matt:
    - If paying for pro/corporate account (we are now), you can stream right to Youtube
    - We didn't used to be big enough to be paying for it, but we are now
    - David: we need to test it out; user interface/workflow changes to a more explicit permission-based flow for giving people the microphone. We should try it for a week or two, or on a smaller call before fully going in on it
    - Matt: maybe make sure we include people on multiple OSes in that test run
        - Lars, linux
        - Jay, OS X
        - Dmitry
        - Anyone on Windows?
        - David: should be ok for any OS you can install Zoom on
    - David: webinar style (streams to youtube) only supports up to 50 speakers, too, so we have to figure out how to take questions in another format
    - Matt: Lars and Jay will organize test calls

VMX: Libp2p testbed

Libp2p
    - Currently have to rely on centralized infra for a lot of things
    - Think we can make it distributed with libp2p
    - We've tested some basic bridging and now want to work on peering
    - Metamask is currently at ~1M users
    - It's always on, so we can insert some background strategies for testing
    - This could be a nice real-world testbed for experiments on the JS library
    - We don't know *what* to test, though, so please tell us your ideas
    - Timeline: want to turn it on next week or so
    - Currently running libp2p and connecting to a few peers over websocket *
    - Q:
        - JonnyCrunch: any applications/hooks to IPLD? Is IPLD using Ethereum fast enough to resolve transactions?
            - If you mean executing transactions in the EVM, yes
            - Main limitation is walking through the Merkle Tree, gotta do 6-8 round trips, very slow
            - IPLD selectors will speed this way up (1 trip), so we need that feature ASAP
            - JonnyCrunch: so that's a barrier?
            - Yes
        - Lars: couple issues in bootstrapping; default bootstrappers are a bottleneck
            - when they reach 5k connected nodes, they start disconnecting
            - throwing tens of thousands of nodes might be hard
            - starting small and scaling up is good
            - this is super exciting
        - Just libp2p; no bitswap yet
        - Expect about 1k nodes
        - Maciej: [hard to understand] I made libp2p node, issue of security in browser
            - David: nodetrust enables any node to connect to any other node, even if certificates not really set up
                - Right now being cautious
                - Starting with libp2p not bitswap because bitswap too chatty
                - Too much encryption/negotiation overhead with browsers
                - Lots to tackle there
                - Need to set some milestones on this work
                - We can see lots of nodes connecting (yay), but what stats do we need to gather? (how do we not be privacy-invasive in collecting those?)
            - Maciej would be interested in running a nodetrust on this network
            - David: This test is really about browser nodes; nodetrust is more about connnecting browser nodes to other nodes
            - Volker: Can we continue this another time/place?

VMX: Is meeting now 30 minutes?

David: We sort of said it should be shorter, but have not adjusted template; we need to be more rigorous about agenda to get there

VMX: ok, we'll keep going. Demo time!

Lidel: IPFS companion demo
    - [technical difficulties with screen sharing]
    - Skipping until next week
    - See links in agenda to try it out, sorry for no demo

David: Putting nodes on metamask should be the same as putting them on IPFS companion

lidel: You don't need to inject responses into the browsers to emulate browsing, so js-ipfs should cover all your needs

VMX: And that's it. Bye!
