# IPFS Community Working Group Weekly Sync 2019-03-07

-   **Video Recording:** https&#x3A;//youtu.be/yEuXD2iBDTo
-   **Moderator:** @mikeal
-   **Notetaker:** @terichadbourne
-   **Attendees:**
    -   _@mikeal_
    -   _@terichadbourne_
    -   _@pkafei_
    -   _@nukemandan_
    -   _@jimpick_

  


**Moderator checklist**

-   Paste agenda link into Zoom chat (<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N4wlwVexHOGmBdSaECMnxvkDz11A-vmN7DMe4I4a654/edit?usp=sharing>)
-   Remind everyone to add their names to “Attendees” list in doc
-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Switch to multiple-person view in Zoom
-   Start recording (on computer and livestream)
-   Call for additional agenda items

**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   Start with Team Updates and Demos
-   [Review OKRs](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/okrs/2019-q1.md)
-   **Announcement:** The US changes daylight savings time before the rest of the world does (this weekend) and our meeting is scheduled in the US. If you live elsewhere, meetings that occur from next week through whenever you adjust for daylight savings in your own country will appear to be an hour earlier than you’re used to (3:30pm UTC instead of 4:30pm UTC). Please reference the [IPFS calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=ipfs.io_eal36ugu5e75s207gfjcu0ae84@group.calendar.google.com&ctz=UTC) to ensure you show up at the right time in your neighborhood.

**Team Updates**


**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._


@mikeal

-   Has been working on lots of metrics stuff
-   ProtoSchool pairing with Teri
-   Made slides for an IPLD talk: <https://mikealrogers.com/slides/2018-wafflejs-ipld/>
-   We should probably recalibrate OKR projections next week

@terichabourne

-   Shared a quick demo of the WIP ProtoSchool tutorial on file API:
    -   Issue with proposed content and structure for tutorial: <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/91>
    -   WIP PR: <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/111> 
-   Working on locking down a venue for Offline Camp

@pkafei

-   Created landing page for IPFS Weekly Call, needs to add test for alert bar: <https://www.eventbrite.com/e/fluence-ipfs-nucypher-web3-stack-consensys-tickets-57699644189>
-   Looking for speakers for IPFS Weekly Call: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XRB2QsPzCPLPOErKvDZfOKK3CMohI9t_QKNdztYMlK0/edit#gid=350755898>
-   ProtoSchool meetup coming up in Berlin: <https://www.meetup.com/IPFS-Berlin/events/258756931/> 
-     


@nukemandan

-   Might like to share on the IPFS Weekly Call his ideas for the IPFS Meetup and broader community in Denver and the dapp he envisions to help host community resources
-   Would like to offer a presentation comparing/contrasting IPFS with similar network protocols, maybe @jimpick could help?
-   Working on an article for the upcoming publication

@jimpick

-   Finalizing some changes to pinner to keep content alive for peerpad when it launches


**Action Items**

_Announce issues that need help, get people to help_

-   Looking for speakers for IPFS Weekly Call: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XRB2QsPzCPLPOErKvDZfOKK3CMohI9t_QKNdztYMlK0/edit#gid=350755898>
