#  IPFS All Hands Call January 14th, 2019

-   **Moderator:** @pkafei
-   **Notetaker:** @lidel
-   **Attendees:**

    -   _@lidel_
    -   _@alanshaw_
    -   _@AddYourNameHere_
    -   _@AbhikChowdhury6_
    -   _@terichadbourne_
    -   _@obo20_
    -   _@ethanfsmith_
    -   _@ChrisMatthieu_
    -   _@jimpick_
    -   _@vmx_
    -   _@Mr0grog_
    -   _@victorb_
    -   _@nukemandan_
    -   _@prfnv_
    -   _@jglukasik_

  
**Main Topic:**Launch of ProtoSchool

**Presenter:** Teri Chadbourne

  
  
**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

  
**Q&A, Help Wanted**

_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._

  
  **Notes**

-   PSA: Weekly Community Calls
-   Launch of ProtoSchool â€“Teri Chadbourne

    -   ProtoSchool (<https://proto.school/>) is an educational community offering self-guided tutorials on decentralized web protocols including IPFS, as well as local chapter events with mentors available to help you.
    -   <https://proto.school/#/tutorials> 

        -   Live code challenges with realtime feedback to the user
        -   Progress is saved/cached between learning sessions
        -   Give it a try, first lesson does not require any coding :-)

    -   <https://proto.school/#/chapters> 

        -   Local chapters use site as curriculum + provide hands-on support

    -   <https://proto.school/#/contribute> 

        -   Improve or add tutorials

            -   Ask: explore website and provide feedback (at the end of page or via[protoschool/issues/new](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/new/choose))

        -   Create a chapter, organize an event:<https://proto.school/#/host> 
        -   Spread the word:<https://twitter.com/protoschool> 

    -   Q&A:

        -   Q(Victor): Is ProtoSchool supposed to replace the existing IPFS-Meetups we have?[ https://www.meetup.com/topics/ipfs/](https://www.meetup.com/topics/ipfs/) or maybe they are complementary?

            -   A(Teri): complementary :)

        -   Q(Jim): Will it expand to other protocols (eg. DAT)?

            -   A(Mikeal): We eventually want to have wide curriculum with core concepts and may eventually expand to other things, but for now focus is on showing concepts using IPFS/IPLD etc.

        -   Q(Dan): Will all content be generated on the site? Or can we link to external resources?

            -   A(Teri): We want to keep content brief, so linking to more detailed concept descriptions eg. on canonical docs elsewhere should be ok.nonymous
            -   01:47 To
            -     

            -   A(Mikeal): That being said, we want to ensure the unified experience that flows naturally.

        -   Q(Don): What about collaboration with other organizations to ensure people are properly educated what IPFS and Filecoin are etc? How to avoid issues about confusion like recent event in Hong Kong?

            -   A(Mikeal): We will follow up that offline.
            -   A(Portia): Emphasize Filecoin is only one of many projects that are built on top of IPFS/IPLD/libp2p. Help by getting that message across, contribute to ProtoSchool, create innovations that use IPFS/IPLD/libp2p etc.

        -   Q(Alan): Is there a place where people can ask questions about tutorials when they get stuck and get answers from experts - like with NodeSchool?

            -   A(Teri): Report issues/suggestions via[protoschool/issues/new](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/new/choose) or link at the bottom of each lesson. Also, if you want to help with addressing feedback, watch repo<https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues> 

        -   Thank you!
