# IPFS Community Working Group Weekly Sync 2019-03-21

-   **Video Recording:** https://youtu.be/mGClQ2vPMu0
-   **Moderator:** @mikeal
-   **Notetaker:** @terichadbourne & @olizilla
-   **Attendees:**

    -   _@terichadbourne_
    -   _@jimpick_
    -   _@nukemandan_
    -   _@olizilla_
    -   _@pkafei_
    -   _@mikeal_

**Moderator checklist**

-   Paste agenda link into Zoom chat (<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N4wlwVexHOGmBdSaECMnxvkDz11A-vmN7DMe4I4a654/edit?usp=sharing>)
-   Remind everyone to add their names to “Attendees” list in doc
-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Switch to multiple-person view in Zoom
-   Start recording (on computer and livestream)
-   Call for additional agenda items

  


**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   Start with Team Updates and Demos
-   [Review OKRs](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/okrs/2019-q1.md)
-   **_{ add your items below}_**
-   &lt;@terichadbourne> Sneak preview of draft roadmap and Q2 OKRs for ProtoSchool

  


**Team Updates**

@terichadbourne

-   Done:

    -   Added this call to the resources listed for Protoschool chapter organizers in <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/organizing/blob/master/RESOURCES.md> 
    -   Updated the new chapter request template to address some common areas of confusion: <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/organizing/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-chapter-request.md> 
    -   Added repos for ProtoSchool chapters in:

        -   Hangzhou, China
        -   Xiamen, China
        -   Taipei, Taiwan

-   Next:

    -   Finalize ProtoSchool roadmap and Q2 OKRs
    -   Continue building IPFS File API tutorial

  


@pkafei

-   Done:

    -   First pass of Install section on homepage
    -   Quick starting research on boiler plate Dapps
    -   Found more speakers for call

-   Blocked:

    -   {?}

-   Next:

    -   More changes to homepage
    -   More concrete plans about the future of documentation and boilerplate apps

  


**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._

  


-   Jim’s working on pinner for PeerPad
-   Dan’s working on community toolset on IPFS to be self-hosted set of tools online between peers on a network
-   Dan’s planning an IPFS meetup in Denver soon
-   Oli says IPFS Desktop is released and you should definitely run it
-   Oli is interested in ipfs.io website and blog including Portia’s install piece (<https://github.com/ipfs/website/pull/299>), which is blocked by us deciding what we’re willing to recommend to people versus install methods. Explaining .tar files isn’t super friendly. People feel icky about running shell scripts from the internet but we could teach them about how CIDs are safe through it. Portia suggests offering multiple options like other sites do for downloads, but what’s a visually succinct way to do that without crowding the homepage? Oli suggests tabs for that and recognizing the user’s OS. He offers to spend time brainstorming with Portia. Jim wants to know why we don’t recommend Desktop on the homepage, encourages thinking about Docker as an example. Mikeal’s not aware of an architecture plan so is using Oli as official thumbs up provider.
-   Jim asks if the blog anything more than our newsletter. Mikeal points out that not everyone gets the newsletter. Oli notes that articles get stuck in review purgatory (https&#x3A;//github.com/ipfs/blog/pulls). Oli hates the typography of the blog. Need someone to monitor the PRs. Jim suggests mixing in video content. We don’t currently have anyone for promotion.
-    Teri walked us through the ProtoSchool roadmap (see PR with first draft: https&#x3A;//github.com/ProtoSchool/roadmap/pull/1)
     -   Starts with guiding principles
     -   We want beginner friendly content first. We can add intermediate and advanced once we have the scaffolding in place.
      -   We’ve a code of conduct at the top level, and each chapter has its own. We support them by offering an escalation process… we will be available to deal with issues with chapter organisers.
      -   Adding a lesson at the end of each tutorial that are suggestions of what you might like to do next.
     -   Postponing an active push to get more chapter organisers while we figure out how best to support the existing ones, and automation around wrangling the github admin.

  


**Action Items**

_Announce issues that need help, get people to help_

-   Interested in the overlap between the decentralized web and Offline First (approaches to addressing low-bandwidth and no-bandwidth network conditions)?

    -   Join the Locol Offline Collaboration Working Group:<https://github.com/ipfs/local-offline-collab> 
    -   Express your interest here to be notified when the next Offline Camp is announced:<https://offlinecamp.typeform.com/to/V8aSWJ> 

-   Volunteer to be interviewed about boilerplate apps (reach out to portia @ protocol.ai)
