# IPFS Community Working Group Weekly Sync 2019-02-28

-   **Video Recording:** <https://youtu.be/3HWxPWDr4QA> 
-   **Moderator:** @mikeal
-   **Notetaker:** @terichadbourne
-   **Attendees:**
    -   _@jimpick_
    -   _@terichadbourne_
    -   _@mikeal_
    -   _@NukeManDan_
  
**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._

-   @teri:

    -   Working on finding a venue for the next Offline Camp
    -   ProtoSchool tutorial on IPFS File API is in progress

-   @mikeal: Rescoped our OKRs to focus on**new users** as our primary target audience
-   @NukeManDan:

    -   ETH Denver was a success!
    -   Gave a talk on ProtoSchool to 45-ish people

-   @NukeManDan wonders whether we can have grants to support funding of meetups. @mikeal is discussing with finance whether it might make sense to use a system like Open Collective.
-   @NukeManDan proposes using bounties to get people to build tutorials. @terichadbourne doesn’t feel like we’re at a stage in development where that would be appropriate.
-   @NukeManDan has been exploring Chainshot for workshop building for other topics and has ideas on specific functionality we might want to recreate for ProtoSchool. He’s detail the features he has in mind at: <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/140> 

 

  

