# IPFS Community Working Group Weekly Sync 2019-03-14

-   **Video Recording:** https://youtu.be/LtoCWn6IHZQ
-   **Moderator:** @terichadboure
-   **Notetaker:** @pkafei
-   **Attendees:**
    -   _@jimpick_
    -   _@nukemandan_
    -   _@terichadbourne_
    -   _@pkafei_

  


**Moderator checklist**

-   Paste agenda link into Zoom chat (<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N4wlwVexHOGmBdSaECMnxvkDz11A-vmN7DMe4I4a654/edit?usp=sharing>)
-   Remind everyone to add their names to “Attendees” list in doc
-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Switch to multiple-person view in Zoom
-   Start recording (on computer and livestream)
-   Call for additional agenda items


**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   Start with Team Updates and Demos
-   [Review OKRs](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/okrs/2019-q1.md)
-   **_Reminder: The US has already adjusted for daylight savings time. If you live elsewhere, meetings that occur from now through whenever you adjust for daylight savings in your own country will appear to be an hour earlier than you’re used to (3:30pm UTC instead of 4:30pm UTC). Please reference the [IPFS calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=ipfs.io_eal36ugu5e75s207gfjcu0ae84@group.calendar.google.com&ctz=UTC) to ensure you show up at the right time in your neighborhood._**

  
**Team Updates**

  
@terichadbourne

-   Done:

    -   Venue and dates booked for the next Offline Camp (a tech retreat focused on Offline First development/design), to be announced soon. Follow [@OfflineCamp](http://twitter.com/offlinecamp) on Twitter and fill out our interest form here to be notified when the event is announced: <https://offlinecamp.typeform.com/to/V8aSWJ> 

-   In progress:

    -   ProtoSchool tutorial on the File API

        -   Issue with proposed content and structure for tutorial: <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/issues/91>
        -   WIP PR: <https://github.com/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/pull/111> 

    -   Filling requests for ProtoSchool chapters in Hangzhou, Xiamen, and Taipei

-   Next:

    -   ProtoSchool roadmap & Q2 OKRs


@pkafei

-   Done:

    -   Presented at EthCC in France
    -   Wrote a test for alert bar (back into PR state)
    -   Outlining Install section of ipfs.io (starting with informational architecture of sites and docs) https://github.com/ipfs/website/issues/293
    -   Secured more speakers for the IPFS Weekly Call https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XRB2QsPzCPLPOErKvDZfOKK3CMohI9t_QKNdztYMlK0/edit#gid=350755898

-   Blocked:

    -   Looking for documentarian

-   Next:

    -   IPFS community goals for Q2 and beyond
    -   An audit of IPFS content and documentation
    -   Looking for docs writer

**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._

-   @nukemandan

    -   Would like more visibility for the IPFS Community call among ProtoSchool leaders. @terichadbourne will add call in the [resources doc](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/organizing/blob/master/RESOURCES.md) in the ProtoSchool organizing Repo.
    -   Organizing another meetup and is doing an overview of different protocols while highlighting the benefits of IPFS. Interested in collaborating with @jimpick

-   @jimpick

    -   Working on pinning backend for Peer Pad. Having trouble using IPLD to store the backup snapshots, not exactly sure which api to use. Was not obvious from the documentation which API to use (i.e. mfs, cid, and file add)
    -   Would like a webinar on creating a Dapp using IPFS and also requested a video that goes over basic IPFS CLI command.

  

**Action Items**

_Announce issues that need help, get people to help_

  
-   If you would like to speak at the IPFS Week Call, please contact Portia at portia @ protocol.ai
-   Have questions or suggestions about the documentation? Be sure to make an issue in the [IPFS Community repo](https://github.com/ipfs/community)
