# IPFS Community Working Group Weekly Sync 2019-01-10

-   **Video recording**: <https://youtu.be/MWOhli94vGg>
-   **Moderator:** @pkafei
-   **Notetaker:** @pkafei
-   **Attendees:**
    -   @jimpick
    -   @nukemandan
    -   @terichadbourne
    -   @pkafei




**Moderator checklist**
-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Start recording
-   Call for additional agenda items

**Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   Start with Team Updates and Demos
-   **_{ add your items below}_**
-   Arkadiy has been assigned as our representative from the IPFS Project WG to help us through the OKR process, etc. Heâ€™s likely to check in next week with an update.

**Team Update**

@pkafei
-   Done:
    -   Brought up issue about specs for sprint bot
    -   Working on automating Github PR process for call note takers using Google Docs
-   Blocked:
    -   Are we using Cryptopad or Google docs for taking notes
    -   Interface of Github note taking tool (CLI and/or GUI)
    -   Where should we \*not\* announce the public team syncs
-   Next:
    -   Continue working on sprint bot (PR automation and announcement automation)
    -   Pair program with Mikeal on removing ready event from \`js-ipfs\`

@terichadbourne
-   Done:
    -   Added Denver chapter to ProtoSchool site and created repos for London & Porto
-   Blocked:
    -   {?}
-   Next:
    -   Encourage London and Porto organizers to get their repos set before launch so we can add to website
    -   Fix responsive nav bar issue before launch if possible
    -   Official ProtoSchool launch on Monday at the IPFS Weekly Call (5:00pm UTC)


**Discussion Highlights**

_Discussion highlights and additional notes._

-   @NukeManDan will be hosting the first ProtoSchool event tomorrow in Denver!  (View on [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Blockchain-Developers-United-Denver/events/257761113/) or in [GitHub issue](https://github.com/ProtoSchool/Denver/issues/3))

**Action Items**

_Announce issues that need help, get people to help_

-   @jimpick & @pkafei will discuss how PeerPad fits into the project on automation of notetaking processes
