# IPFS All Hands Call 02 July 2018

-   **Moderator:** VictorBjelkholm
-   **Notetaker:** @jacobheun
-   **Attendees:**

    -   _Victor Bjelkholm_
    -   _Jacob Heun (@jacobheun)_
    -   _@jaycarpenter_
    -   _@stebalien_
    -   _@michellebrous_
    -   _@flyingzumwalt_
    -   _@vmx_
    -   _@jamiew_
    -   _@lidel_
    -   _@meiqimichelle_

## Moderator checklist

-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Start recording
-   Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   Next Weekâ€™s Call (@flyingzumwalt)

    -   Dev meetings are happening, a lot of people will be there. The meeting will be happening at the same time as people will be reporting back from sessions.

        -   We will plan on having the All Hands!

    -   All sessions will be recorded and posted, there will not be a live stream.

-   Meeting format change proposal

    -   @flyingzumwalt proposes we start this in two weeks, comment on the GH issue if you have anything to say about that.
    -   <https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/636> 

## Demos

_Show your work!_

-   No demos today

## Q&A, Help Wanted

_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._

-   No questions or answers today!
