## libp2p

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @em-ly

#### Participants

- @dignifiedquire
- @diasdavid
- @whyrusleeping
- @RichardLitt
- @gavinmcdermott
- @em-ly
- @flyingzumwalt

## Agenda

- Update
  - secio works \o/
  - State of the WebSite
  - pubsub testnet
- Let's look at waffle
- Next
  - Finish the PubSub in libp2p
  - Website
  - Improve crypto interfaces & speed


**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

 - Update from last week:
     - Spdy works, Interop works, spent a lot of time working on the connectivity features (no DHT yet)
     - State of the Website (@RichardLitt) to work on Tuesday, will have update tomorrow afternoon.
     - PubSub testnet (@gavinmcdermott) - testnet repo: https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/pubsub_testnet
 - [ ] @diasdavid and @gavinmcdermott to touch base after sprint to continue conversation
 - Waffle.io update: https://waffle.io/libp2p/libp2p
 - Milestones: https://github.com/libp2p/libp2p/blob/master/ROADMAP.md

Priorities for this week:
- Finishing PubSub
- Getting website ready for DevCon2

  - Improve crypto interfaces & speed (@dignifiedquire)
Removing generation of keys from the constructor, but we need to have a standard key format to prevent multiple importations of keys. 


##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
