## All Hands Call

#### Lead: @lgierth
#### Notetaker: @RichardLitt

#### Participants

- @RichardLitt
- @victorbjelkholm
- @flyingzumwalt
- @dignifiedquire
- @em-ly
- @jbenet
- @Kubuxu
- @lgierth
- @haadcode
- @diasdavid
- @nicola

## Agenda

1. Roll call - see [timezone-based roll call](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md) guide
2. Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
3. Quick note about adding things to the agenda (Anyone can/should add items to the agenda!) (@flyingzumwalt)
4. Review changelog generation and commit messages, from: https://github.com/dignifiedquire/aegir/issues/30 (@dignifiedquire)
 - Take a look at this; we've started using it across js- and libp2p- repos.
  - @diasdavid proposed this as an agenda item. <- for js-ipfs :)
  - We will need a bot to function as a commit checker. GitCop is a bit aggressive, so we're discussing ways of making it better.
  - Will we be using commit messages to autogenerate changelogs in all projects? @flyingzumwalt
- Yes, in js- projects. We'll need a lot to do licensing checking. We'll need to do this for go-ipfs, too.
- In go-ipfs, would be great to have at least a skeleton of a changelog. That would be a huge help. @lgierth 
5. Second Draft of PM Process Document (Draft: https://github.com/ipfs/pm/blob/pm-process-draft2/drafts/project-management-process.md PR: https://github.com/ipfs/pm/pull/183 )  (@flyingzumwalt)
  - Announcement: just take a look at this completely rearranged manifestation of the document, which should be more readable and should be able to be released soon. Look at notes on the PR, as we link to other issues. If you think any of those are unresolved, say so, because otherwise those will be closed. We haven't done everything; for instance, we haven't fully defined all the roles.
  - One thing we need to do is to define user, maintainer, contributor. We haven't done this yet, but there's a ticket now for this. Especially with something like Contributor, would be good to have something about the way we do licensing, so that there is no ambiguity there. 
6. Devcon2 Presentation & Blog post prep -- related to https://github.com/ipfs/blog/pull/72 (@flyingzumwalt)
  - Let @flyingzumwalt know if you need help preparing your presentation. 
  - One of the things we need to do today or tomorrow is to define what demos we are doing.
  - Would be great to make those blog posts ahead of time.
  - [ ] @Flyingzumwalt will follow up with @jbenet, @haadcode, and @diasdavid to see what they need help with.
7. IPLD refining call https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/181 (@RichardLitt and @nicola) (set a time for the call)
  - @nicola will have his meeting an hour and a half after libp2p, will drop times in the sprint issue
8. Demos!! :D !! (@RichardLitt)
  - Demo of pubsub from the CLI from @victorbjelkholm
  - Demo of github.com/multiformats/ma-pipe from @jbenet
  - @nicola: Demo of github.com/nicola/captain-log
  - Demo of markdown on IPFS with writable gateway by @victorbjelkholm (load http://localhost:8080/ipfs/QmeFwmLMedMRWzXNvAxgvBDwXKrx1GFAt9xwu43Y6iwc6q in writable gateway)
    - [ ] @lgierth @victorbjelkholm check out what the blockers were for having a writeable gateway
  - [ ] @RichardLitt: Add demos to the agenda template
9. Focus on Devcon! @jbenet. This is the surge now. Focus on what we can do to help out @whyrusleeping, @haadcode, and @diasdavid.
10. Videos: Should be one zoom call this week, but individual stream sessions. Watch IRC for the links if they change.
11. Moderator/notetaker for next time:
 * Moderator: @RichardLitt
 * Notetaker: @em-ly
