## go-ipfs 2016-09-12

#### Lead: @whyrusleeping
#### Notetaker: @em-ly

#### Participants

- @em-ly
- @dignifiedquire
- @RichardLitt
- @Kubuxu
- @victorbjelkholm
- @whyrusleeping
- @lgierth

## Agenda

- Top priorities reviewed
- pubsub
- 0.4.3
- Milestones update

**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

Top Priorities:
- Made a lot of progress on interop with js-ipfs
- work on pubsub
  - Q: Is pubsub in master? A: No, not yet.

Also:
- Released candidate 4 for version 4.3
- Working on demos for devcon 2
- Getting closer to having DHT extracted (\o/)

Milestones Update (https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/milestones ):
- Finished 0.4.3-rc4 Milestone
  - There were changes on both go-ipfs and js-ipfs
    - go-ipfs - the docker team was using a priority queue for organizing packets, but wasn't setting priorities on the incoming stream. lead to issues with dropping packets because of not knowing what stream they belonged to.
    - js-ipfs - pull stream issue. was hard to figure out how to fix. also, speedy transport was setting random priorities for things with no logic. major time sink.
- Merged CID (thanks everyone for contributing!)
- @Kubuxu update
- @lgierth testing websites hosted through IPNS, getting perf metrics later today/tomorrow.
- Core API update: this is the first part for the API, it doesn't need to be merged but a quick review that it's progressing in the correct direction would be good. Going to get katkinson on API progress.
  - All of this is in the go-ipfs repo to get the ball rolling, when extracting the interface that will be done within each respective project.
  - @diasdavid: @lgierth let's get something integrated with the current IPFS core, we might have to do some publishing before this happens. If it should be ported or if it should be a spec and each interface creates their own documentation for integration. This is a good idea because it helps get things merged quicker - developing the developer interface should be focused on getting this right.

DEVCON2 help needed
- @whyrusleeping will start reaching out to people for code review

PM meeting update
- Going to test out @haadcode's milestones generator to use for meeting management in the future.

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
