## libp2p

#### Lead: @dignifiedquire
#### Notetaker: @lgierth

#### Participants

- @dignifiedquire
- @lgierth
- @kubuxu
- @flyingzumvalt
- @em-ly
- @keks
- @gavinmcdermott

## Agenda

Waffle Board: https://waffle.io/libp2p/libp2p
Roadmap: https://github.com/libp2p/libp2p/blob/master/ROADMAP.md
https://project-repos.ipfs.io/ source: https://github.com/ipfs/project-repos


## Notes

- from david
  - Hi (David), same goes for this meeting, I can't be in the zoom call, so here is a bunch of notes too :D 
  - I've also processed the libp2p waffle board and with regards to:
  - ms1: just a few low hanging fruit issues. 
  - ms2: the one that needs to be 'revisited', don't mind its existence
  - ms3: seems that we are just missing a couple of things, right @richardlitt? :D :
    - two standardized readmes
    - create https://github.com/libp2p/community and literally just point to ipfs/community 
    - make project-repos.ipfs.io to green across the board for the libp2p repos
    - seems that we are two readmes down from completing MS3, right @richardlitt? :D 
  - ms4: what is the status of the website? https://github.com/libp2p/website/pull/11
  - Thank you for keeping the ship heading in the right direction, <3 y'all   

- ms2 issues
  - @Kubuxu/@lgierth to take care of open PRs in go-libp2p repos
  - @dignifiedquire showing project-repos.ipfs.io (it's pretty cool)
    - we should tell other people/projects about it
  - open issue to discuss Circle CI in libp2p/libp2p

- ed25519
  - support to land in go-libp2p-crypto
  - no support in js-libp2p for the foreseeable future

- Pubsub Testnet update: https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/pubsub_testnet
    - Added new network topologies and abstractions last week; David to use this week
    - Waiting for some feedback from David - chatted with him over email
    - Work this week: adding feedback/vis tools so devs can understand the performance of their messaging algos
    - Goal this week: is to get the feedback tools far enough along this week so all pubsub devs can use the tool
    - thanks for the notes :)

- @lgierth gonna bring up a message-oriented interface throughout libp2p, for review and discussion

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue

