## js-ipfs

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @em-ly

#### Participants

 - @daviddias
 - @victorbjelkholm
 - @dignifiedquire
 - @em-ly
 - @flyingzumwalt
 - @RichardLitt


## Agenda

- bunch of IPLD discussions, multibase came out
- pull-streams endeavour
- files (victor)


**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

 - IPLD
Working on interop with go-ipfs, mostly completed but still working on 100% functionality
Top priority is to get js-ipfs interoping with Secio, making progress but still working on it.
"Just fix the bug." - been obsessed with this for the past week.

 - Welcome Victor!!!!!!!! \o\ \o/ /o/
 - Joined the Protocol Labs team full time to work on the js-ipfs projects.
 - Working on which API is being used when Nodes are being runned on tests.
 - Looking for a suitable fix, has to be a stream in the response.
- taking a look at pull-stream PRs

 - The team is very focused on interop.

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
