# IPFS All Hands Call 22 August 2016

- **Moderator:**  @flyingzumwalt
- **Notetaker:**  @diasdavid
- **Attendees** 
  - @RichardLitt
  - @diasdavid


## Agenda

  - Roll call by time zone East to West, starting in Eastern Europe (moderator)
  - Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
  - Mediachain collaboration (see [#145](https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/145) )
  - Coveralls & Code Coverage -- What's the current status? (@flyingzumwalt)
  - Representing Interfaces, in libp2p doc repos and more (@jbenet, @diasdavid)
  - IPFS Tutorials in Gitbook form (see https://www.gitbook.com/book/flyingzumwalt/decentralized-web-primer/details). see the TOC and issues [#10](https://github.com/flyingzumwalt/decentralized-web-primer/issues/10), [#4](https://github.com/flyingzumwalt/decentralized-web-primer/issues/4) and [#3](https://github.com/flyingzumwalt/decentralized-web-primer/issues/3) (@flyingzumwalt)
  - Update on Orbit (?) (@haadcode)
  - Newsletter
  - Stickers
  - Moderator/notetaker for next time:
    - Moderator: TBD
    - Notetaker: TBD

## Notes

- If you would like IPFS stickers, ping @richardlitt on IRC or github (you only have 24 hours, be sure to be quick! :)) - https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/50
- These Monday Sprint calls are not for tech/research discussion, they should be focused in pm (@jbenet)

- Mediachain collaboration
  - [ ] @jbenet to follow up and schedule a call to talk about roadmap and get feedback

- Coveralls & Code Coverage
  - [ ] @RichardLitt Write up a guide on how to set up code coverage for go repos
  - [ ] Check js- and go- repos for code coverage

- libp2p interfaces
  - [ ] ~~schedule a meeting~~ chat after the libp2p call and review our libp2p interfaces and improve how we define them

- IPFS Tutorials in Gitbook
  - Any concerns about using gitbook for IPFS tutos?
    - There were none logged in the chat. 
  - üö≤üè† the name for these tutorials/book 
  - How should IPSchool (nodeschool like) workshops integrated with this book
  - 6pm UTC to chat about IPSchool
  
- Orbit
  - uPort integration is going strong (screenshot with it working)

- Proposal: Allocate some time for demos on the Monday All Hands (@jbenet)

- Newsletter
  - Newsletter is back, now that @richardlitt has more time
  - @richardlitt will be pinging the team about cool recent developments

- Process Management
  - [ ] request: pms, please start thinking how to apply the new pm guidelines to your project
  - note: pm document is not finalized yet
  - idea: have Matt lead some pm discussions and illustrate how those could/should look like so that the pms can learn and see how they feel
  - idea: start with js-ipfs and orbit

- Stickers
  - [ ] @richardlitt open an issue to ask "who wants stickers"
  - [ ] Get Stickers to the folks going to DEVCON2

- Next week roles:
  - Moderator: Friedel
  - Notetaker: Lars