## libp2p

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @RichardLitt

#### Participants

 - @em-ly
 - @RichardLitt
 - @flyingzumwalt
 - @diasdavid
 - @victorbjelkholm
 - @jbenet
 - @lgierth
 - @dignifiedquire
 - @gavinmcdermott

## Agenda

- roadmap is up for review https://github.com/libp2p/libp2p/pull/2
- pull-stream migration endeavour
  - js-libp2p-spdy pull-stream problems
  - lacking documentation
- Interop tests
  - Needs go-libp2p scripts (@whyrusleeping) https://github.com/ipfs/js-libp2p-ipfs/issues/15
- halfClosed conn upgrade (ongoing)
- libp2p.io - discussion still needs to happen.
- CI + Code Coverage tests running in all the JS repos.
- Initial phase of pubsub-testnet intends to be ready for review middle of week (delayed last week due to unexpected travel)


**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

### Roadmap

- libp2p Roadmap is available for review and usage
  - https://github.com/libp2p/libp2p/blob/master/ROADMAP.md
  - If you have comments, please do share them. This roadmap will be updated when the new pm process is out.`
- @whyrusleeping is doing the recipes for adding CI for js-p2p against go-p2p tests. 
- Milestone 2 is go-iofs focused, it focuses on improving the connectivity for go-libp2p. There are some technical discussions that need to happen in order to move forward. @whyrusleeping is leading this.

### Website

- @RichardLitt's domain. Has he had time? No. Would be good to have something up.
- @RichardLitt made minimalcayman.com for multiformats/website and ipld/website. Would be good to use this, or something similar, for libp2p.

#### IPNS tool

@lgierth made a pages tool so that @Richardlitt can deploy immediately. Will work with @RichardLitt on it. 

### PubSub testnet

- @Gavin unexpected travel last week, should have something up middle of this week. Not blocked on anything, will need feedback tuesday // Wednesday-ish. Move from there. 

### HalfClosed conn upgrade.

- @diasdavid started, then got pulled into the pull-stream stuff. Needs to work on it.

### CI Coverage

- Someone needs to go through and enable CI for all of the repos. 

### Other

@dig: Due to finally dealing with streams, we will be able to merge secio with libp2p. We can do that, but we should test that it works with go-ipfs before shipping.
@diasdavid: We have some tests that we can do right now, that don't use Secio. So, I asked @why to help with this. We can test with the scripts he is making soon. 
Let's see if they are ready tomorrow or not, and let's make sure they are ready by wednesday. If things fail at Wednesday, we have to recalculate. 
@dig: I am expectnig our home-grown secio will have some bugs, so there will be some fixing there. 

### New People

Dive in! Read the Captain.log! Check out the issues! Ping @diasdavid or anyone else! There is stuff to do! Write more tests! 

## Actionables

- [ ] @all Take a look at the new Roadmap and share your thoughts. https://github.com/libp2p/libp2p/pull/2
- [ ] @RichardLitt will stub out the website // design by EOD Tuesday
- [ ] @diasdavid and @richard chat tuesday, make a roadmap for libp2p.io
- [ ] @lgierth and @RichardLitt work on IPNS tool for launching ipld.io or similar on Monday late day.
- [ ] @gavinmcdermott to work on the pubsub-testnet this week, will ping @diasdavid for feedback
- [ ] @jbenet, @em-ly, @flyingzumwalt: Please read the waffle board and check the roadmap. I know you're working on the go-ipfs board right now, but would be cool if we could have the new PM process here, too. Particularly: From your expectations of the roadmap, what is missing, what is not clear, what was overlooked in Lisbon, etc. For example, the libp2p roadmap doesn't include anything pubsub related. Tell @diasdavid what you want to have there, and if it is good to go. Just thumbs up for now, whatever you have. 
- [ ] @diasdavid: surface the PM mechanics as soon as possible. 

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
