# IPFS All Hands Call December 12

**Moderator:** @lgierth
**Notetaker:** @diasdavid
**Attendees** 
- @whyrusleeping
- @dignifiedquire
- @kubuxu
- @diasdavid
- @victorbjelkholm
- @jbenet
- @flyingzumwalt
- @haadcode
- @RichardLitt
- @lgierth
- @hsanjuan
- @sidharder
- @jonnycrunch
- @llopv
- @keks


## Agenda

- Roll call, by [timezone from east to west](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md).
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)

- Quick all hands check in
    - There is interest by the team in repeating it (several :+1:)
    - Matt is concerned that we might be repeating ourselves, since there are calls dedicated for each endeavour
    - "Sprint agendas are empty" (note: not 100% true)
    - We need a space to 'check in' on projects that don't have a space allocated for them
    - We have some options to approach this:
      - project leads give the update for their teams (saves time)
      - everyone gives an update on what they were working the previous week
      - Invite members the community to give their updates 
    - [ ] @RichardLitt will open issue on ipfs/community about discussing this asynchronously

- Help test IPLD (@flyingzumwalt & @diasdavid)
    - IPLD is implemented and and deployed for a while.
    - We need some good demos to nail down the interface for operating over IPLD Graphs
    - There is a lot of work to be done with regards to interface design
      - https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/pull/99
      - https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/issues/81
    - [ ] @RichardLitt: reach out to IPLD users, gather use cases, help them build examples
    - @jonnycrunch: I'm interested in exploring use-cases for identity management with W3C and cross-over with JSON-LD/Verifible Claims Task Force 

- Moving forward with CI (@victor: @all)
  - Input please! https://github.com/ipfs/infrastructure/issues/100
    - We are about moving forward with Jenkins, please share your concerns (Jenkins vs Teamcity)
    - [ ] @victorbjelkholm: Prepare a checklist on the items you need/want feedback to make sure everyone reviews and has a common frame to present their review.


- Discourse about discourse (@Richardlitt: @all)
  - I have opened an issue about Discourse, [here](https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/213). Please take a look.
  - We need feedback from everyone, please do so at: https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/213. The questions are in **bold**
  - We will still be using Github for Code Reviews
  - We need to get a feel for how a technical discussion develops inside discourse, such as:
      - How to do something specific with go-ipfs?
      - How to use IPLD with IPFS. <- Let's keep this conversation at Github as it is still mostly a development question.
      - Technical FAQ (Support)
  - Matt is writting an article on 'Saving endangered data sets' - we could use this audience as a test for discourse, but that might be a bad group because discourse is empty -- could give them the false impression that IPFS doesn't have many users.
  
- @llopv Master's thesis on IPFS
  - David is looking for ideas for his M.Sc Thesis
  - Wants to focus in WebDev (JS) and Security
  - Contact David through gitter, username is: [@llopv](https://github.com/llopv)
  - You can join the discussion at https://github.com/llopv/master-tesis
  - [ ] @llopv: create an issue to share thoughts and options for the area of research.
  - [ ] @jonnycrunch: I am currently working with collaborators at York University regarding ontologies to describe identity leveraging JSON-LD and now possibly IPLD. Problem is that ontologies may have cycles which isn't supported in Merkle DAGs.  

- IPWB Storing Index on IPFS itself (@jbenet)
  - https://github.com/oduwsdl/ipwb/issues/61
    - requires attention of IPLD implementors 

- Java ecosystem getting IPLD (@jbenet)
  - https://github.com/multiformats/java-multibase
  - https://github.com/ipld/java-cid
    - [ ] Test suite for IPLD objects.
    - [ ] https://github.com/ipld/interface-ipld-format is a 'pseudo formal' spec for IPLD Format implementations

- ipfs-cluster will be a topic of `Apps on IPFS` sprint call \o/

<!-- Add items above this line
  Use the format:
  - Item (@your_name: @target_audience)
-->

- Demos
  - go-libp2p-raft + ipfs-cluster (@hsanjuan)


- Moderator/notetaker for next time:
 * Moderator: @dignifiedquire
 * Notetaker: @sidharder

<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last
version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and
submitting a PR. -->
