# IPFS All Hands Call 2017-07-10

**Moderator:** @dignifiedquire 
**Notetaker:** ~~@flyingzumwalt~~ @dgrisham
**Attendees** 
- David Dias - @diasdavid
- Brendan O'Brien - @b5
- Jaycen Horton - @jaycenhorton
- Jay Carpenter - @jaycarpenter
- Herman Junge - @hermanjunge
- Friedel Ziegelmayer - @dignifiedquire
- Jakub Sztandera - @Kubuxu
- Matt Zumwalt - @flyingzumwalt
- Tom O'Donnell - @te0d
- David Grisham - @dgrisham

## Agenda

- Start recording
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
- Circuit Relay Specification https://github.com/libp2p/specs/pull/22 (let's timebox it!) (@diasdavid)
    - Circuit relay discussions/issues unified into this PR
    - Others encouraged to review for completeness (edge cases and such)
    - We should come up with general approach to technical specs -- useful to collect good existing specs + templates for reference
- js-libp2p updates (@diasdavid)
  - Panoply of libp2p examples - https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/tree/master/examples (@diasdavid)
  - Updates to interface/explanation/examples to make it much easier for others to implement/extend libp2p for their own use cases
  - These changes shouldn't break anything for others using libp2p (as they're not making their own bundles/usuallly using it via ipfs)
  - New Captain.log entry https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/issues/6#issuecomment-313970615 (@diasdavid)
- js-ipfs v0.25.0 https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/910 (@diasdavid)
    - If you have an app using js-ipfs, add comment to issue
- Call for Help - [Figure out datastore query interface](https://github.com/ipfs/interface-datastore/issues/9) (@dignifiedquire)
    - Current impl difficult to optimize
    - Goal: Update interface to make things easier on implementors/for optimizations
    - @diasdavid -- want to better communicate (e.g. through examples) how interface is meant to be used (implement core functionality, inject additional application-specific pieces if needed) and which use-cases/parameters are best supported by default
- [AEgir@next](https://github.com/ipfs/aegir/pull/134) is coming -- soon(tm) (@dignifiedquire)
    - much needed cleanup (interface, tests, docs, etc)
    - @diasdavid very excited
- OpSec (2FA + push access + master merge) (@diasdavid)
    - Make sure we communicate with people (contributors, etc) when these security updates are applied/why we have them/how they work
    - Remove write access from those who don't regularly contribute for a long period (e.g. 3-6 months)
    - Generally, want to follow principle of least privilege
    - Continue discussion in an issue, including whether/how to enforce CI

- Demos