# IPFS All Hands Call April 30 2018

- **Moderator:** @victorbjelkholm
- **Notetaker:** @lgierth
- **Attendees:**
- @flyingzumwalt
- @jonnycrunch
- @mkg20001
- @vyzo
- @zenground0
- @b5
- @stebalien
- and more

## Moderator checklist

- [x] Ensure that there is a notetaker
- [x] Start recording
- [ ] Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda
_General discussions, decisions, etc._
<!-- use this format for all topics, demos, etc. that you add to the agenda: -->
- Introducing Mike Goelzer -- what he will be doing and what his background is (@flyingzumwalt, 10 minutes)
    - product manager for libp2p
    - coming from docker, was PM for docker core and swarm, and docker+kubernetes strategy, have been doing open source PMing for a long time
    - helped bring some order to the thousand balls in the air, and will do the same for libp2p
    - love low-level things, linux kernel, especially the windows kernel for its good design
    - PM, but engineering-focused and love to dive into code
    - Q: what will you be doing with libp2p?
    - right now libp2p is basically an upstream for ipfs, not yet effectively its own project
    - want to turn libp2p into a real first-class project
    - should have its own dedicated developers, goals/roadmap, and organizational structures
    - first step: come up with initial OKRs for libp2p (TODO: link to spreadsheet)
        - need feedback on OKR #4 (features)
    - start libp2p working group
        - @whyrusleeping, @daviddias, @vyzo, @lgierth, @b5
    - bi-weekly sync call
        - with pre-sourced topics (so we can skip if there's nothing to discuss)
        - hear what everybody's working on, and break out into specific topics if neccessary
    - setup entrypoint location that tracks trans-implementation things (to avoid fragmentation)
        - candidates: libp2p/libp2p, libp2p/interop
    - spreadsheet shown in call: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ugi9_Ea_c29GdyGMLwTiPvRoX3XzrBJhWb7NY6WQFV8/edit#gid=1468654498 
- Announcing IPFS Summit and IPFS Conf (@flyingzumwalt, 5-10 minutes)
    - IPFS Summit + libp2p Summit: Berlin, early July
        - 3 days ipfs, 1 day libp2p
        - by invitation
        - focused working meetings, for contributors and active users of ipfs/libp2p
        - will create ipfs/libp2p users registry, and use that as an additional base for invitations
        - tasks for attendees
            - propose workshops/discussions/discussions you'd like to see, once the CfP is open
            - working group meetings
            - rapid-fire update presentations on projects/things
    - IPFS Conf: Lisbon, November
        - larger, open event for anyone who's interested
        - more on this to come in the future
- Last call for comments on (@Mr0grog, 5 minutes):
    - timeboxed for wednesday 2-May
    - “Develop a standard way to indicate a repo/project is deprecated” https://github.com/ipfs/docs/issues/54
    - “Develop a standard way to indicate non-code repos” https://github.com/ipfs/docs/issues/57
    - Also note this PR on a standardized licensing policy: https://github.com/ipfs/community/pull/298
- go-ipfs v0.4.15 (why oh why)
    - release candidate up on dist.ipfs.io
    - no problems so far, probably going to ship v0.4.15 final this week
    - better windows support
    - next: v0.4.16
        - significant libp2p refactors
        - datastore things that make ipfs-cluster much faster
        - even better windows support
        - more fun things
- DHT connectivity issues; 61% behind NATs (vyzo)
    - https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p-kad-dht/issues/139
    - we've been noticing deteriorating DHT performance over the last few weeks, by now critical mass of reported issues
    - we're investigating what looks like 61% of nodes not being dialable
    - if we can't dial all those nodes, we can't use them for DHT/IPNS lookups, and thus time out instead of reaching lookups quorums
    - Q: is china/GFW the issue?
        - we've received reports about ipfs.io being blocked in china, but so far no indication that the dialing issue related
- Merging [RFC #1](https://github.com/ipfs/rfcs/pull/1) and [RFC #2](https://github.com/ipfs/rfcs/pull/2) (@flyingzumwalt, 2min)
    - Let's get signoff from three working group captains
    - This is a hard dependency for the IPFS and libp2p summits
- Contributing guidelines update and Lead Maintainers protocol (@diasdavid)
    - https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/600
    - https://github.com/ipfs/community/pull/301
- All Hands meeting duration (@diasdavid)
    - Now 45 minutes length


- <Topic> (<your_name>, <estimated length in mins>)

## Demos
_Show your work!_

- Demo of an IPLD explorer CLI tool
    - Prerecorded by @alanshaw: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgjSBT3RQvg
    - Repo: https://github.com/tableflip/ipld-explorer-cli
    - Thoughts, ideas? https://github.com/tableflip/ipld-explorer-cli/issues

## Q&A, Help Wanted
_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._

<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and submitting a PR. -->
