# IPFS All Hands Call 04 June 2018

* **Moderator:** @Mr0grog
* **Notetaker:** @meiqimichelle
* **Recording:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-8Jh_kj_Gw&list=PLuhRWgmPaHtSGRSHdU9dbsukHKlihZZAe
* **Attendees:**
    * @Mr0grog
    * @mkg20001
    * @b5
    * @jacobheun
    * @jaycarpenter
    * @jonnycrunch
    * @meiqimichelle
    * @victorbjelkholm
    * @vasco-santos
    * @stebalien
    * @michellebrous
    

## Agenda

* go-ipfs DHT fixes have been merged and merging from libp2p has been unblocked (stebalien).
    * Apparently, publishing IPNS records using a key other than the peer ID key has been broken since 0.4.14.
        * Well, it works to some older nodes, but for some versions it doesn’t work. Boo.
        * Jeromy working on a fix, should be in next release, and if we getting it working right, IPNS will be more usable. Yay.

* Question about July dev meetings, how they’re going
    * There are people organizing logistics, and then there are people developing sessions and content. Request of working group captains: make sure we’ve got great sessions and content planned. There are three repos:
    * Entry point repo: [https://github.com/ipfs/conf](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://github.com/ipfs/conf&sa=D&ust=1528741252062000)
    * Propose and discuss sessions here: [https://github.com/ipfs/developer-meetings](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://github.com/ipfs/developer-meetings&sa=D&ust=1528741252062000)
    * Propose and discuss sessions here: [https://github.com/libp2p/developer-meetings](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://github.com/libp2p/developer-meetings&sa=D&ust=1528741252063000)


## Demos

* @vasco-santos - Service Worker Gateway

    * [https://dev.js.ipfs.io](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://dev.js.ipfs.io&sa=D&ust=1528741252063000)
    * Could we make this into a nice drop-in library? The only requirement is to have assets on IPFS. Is it in a separate repo, or is it….?
        * No -- you just need to require it, you are ready to use.
        * Great -- if we provided as browserify bundle, the same way we do with js-ipfs, this would be really beneficial. Adding a build step, packaging it, this would be really useful.
        * Yes -- it could be a great piece for someone who already has a public IPFS gateway, but this causes some strain on the gateway. The dev could add a small script to the the header to take these parts. Really exciting!
    * \[David explains service worker in the IPFS context really clearly which we should write down somewhere :) \] Request: have some sort of diagram or explanation as to why this is useful and how it fits in.
