# **IPFS All Hands Call 11 June 2018**

* **Moderator:** @lidel
* **Notetaker:** @Mr0grog
* **Video: NO RECORDING TODAY; nobody with recording permissions is present.**
* **Attendees:**
    * *@jacobheun*
    * *@Mr0grog*
    * *@mkg20001*
    * *@stebalien*
    * *@b5*
    * *@lidel*
    * *@jaycarpenter*
    * *@kumavis*


## **Agenda**

* <@djdv> We need to address meeting management
    * Spending a lot of time at the start of the meeting prepping, this is bad
    * Would like to end this meeting by talking about next week
    * Need more to talk about what we’re planning, not just what we’ve done
    * Need people who are responsible to be here
    * Trying to make an effort to work this out with Protocol Labs & Community and make this smoother!

* <@Mr0grog> Re-raising [https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/636](https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/636) (Turn this meeting into scheduled presentations) in case anyone has not seen it.
    * No scheduled date for this
    * Would like @flyingzumwalt to to make that clear and put a time-box on it  when he’s back


## **Demos**

* PeerPad with libp2p-rendezvous (@mkg20001, ~5min) ([https://rendezvous.mkg20001.io*/](https://rendezvous.mkg20001.io/))
    * Doesn’t depend on a special server directly but can actually be p2p!
    * Connect to discover server that provides libp2p circuit relay
    * Still a proof-of-concept
    * @Lidel: is this a streamlined version of websocket-star, or totally separate
        * This is a new thing, based on discovery protocol
        * Not based on websocket protocol
        * Entirely based on libp2p; no external libraries!
    * @Lidel: maybe "rendezvous" name is problematic; it was used for other things before
        * Proposal for protocol is a PR in the libp2p/specs repo
        * Protocol developed by vyzo
    * @Lidel: would be nice to have a paragraph that clearly separates this from websocket-star’s rendezvous server
    * @mkg20001: Kinda hacky still because you have to create your swarm first; still trying to work around that
    * @Lidel: we should figure out how to make it more clear and easy to integrate
    * @mkg20001: will create a PR with my patch for this soon ([https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWymxpZf7kHdURCUTuz5SniAAnbsd1yqxnJrETuSfpiY*D](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWymxpZf7kHdURCUTuz5SniAAnbsd1yqxnJrETuSfpiYD))
    * @lidel: I would expect to see it somewhere around:
        * [https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/blob/master/src/core/runtime/libp2p-browser.j*s](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/blob/master/src/core/runtime/libp2p-browser.js)* and*
        * [https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/blob/master/src/core/runtime/config-browser.j*s](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/blob/master/src/core/runtime/config-browser.js)
        * @mkg20001: Not sure that is totally feasible at the moment; let’s move this conversation to an issue
    * @stebalien: I would prefer not to call it rendezvous because this isn’t actually rendezvous. This is announce/discovery
        * @mkg20001: was intended to replace a never-used part of libp2p-circuit, wanted to make it a broader discovery protocol all things can use
        * @stebalien: my concern is really that the name will prevent people from understanding that (can use it for all kinds of things in all kinds of applications without websocket-star)
        * @lidel: maybe we should make an issue for bikeshedding on this name and not discuss more here. I think people agree there is room for improvement here.
        * @mkg20001: issue about renedzvous in peer-pad: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-pad/issues/178

* @djdv: I want to start an issue about managing the meetings in ipfs/pm (see first agenda item); I’ll get on that today.


## **Q&A, Help Wanted**

*None Today*