# IPFS All Hands Call December 5th

**Moderator:** @RichardLitt
**Notetaker:** @jbenet
**Attendees** 
* @kubuxu
* @haadcode
* @lgierth
* @hsanjuan
* @dignifiedquire
* @richardlitt
* @whyrusleeping
* @diasdavid
* @em-ly
* @flyingzumwalt
* @jbenet

## Agenda

- Appoint a new notetaker
- Roll call, by [timezone from east to west](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md).
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
- multiaddr design discussion (@RichardLitt, to @lgierth)
    - This comment mentioned discussing multiaddr on Monday. https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/102#issuecomment-264614801
    - Short multiformats call right after all-hands
- Call for Participants: [Giant Files Initiative](https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/209) (@flyingzumwalt) 
    - looking for orgs with >1TB files for a testing initiative
    - we will design some experiments that push the technology
    - figure out use cases and additional functionality needed
    - start in Jan, finding orgs to work with now.
    - specifically dealing with large single files, as there is a lot of complexity that arises from this sort of files. (HTTP doesn't work well, people end up mailing things).
- This week's development plan on high level: who is working on what? (from @haadcode)
    - @haadcode working on getting orbit to work with js-ipfs again. **NEED** pubsub to land.
    - @kubuxu coverage, private networks
    - @lgierth gx update UX, go-ipfs core-api, libp2p packet transports
    - @hsanjuan ipfs-cluster, how to handle failures, tests, documentation -- demo maybe next week (very alpha)
    - @dignifiedquire documentation^3. doc generation. writing docs.
    - @richardlitt transcription pipeline. documentation for project-repos
    - @whyrusleeping prep for 0.4.5-RC. perf multiplexors. bitswap issues. lots of CR.
    - @diasdavid dag api. libp2p updated with mdns, railing, ping protocol. webrtc-nodejs transport. 
    - @em-ly facilitator training.
    - @flyingzumwalt Traveling to SF, launching community initiatives, prepping next quarterly meeting
    - @jbenet XTP design conversations, sharding
    - @pgte reading into lots of modules, getting feet wet with codebases. looking at assignments.
- [PM Process Doc](https://github.com/ipfs/pm/blob/master/drafts/project-management-process.md) Merged! (@flyingzumwalt)
    - "Waffle Boards as Agendas" for project-specific calls 
- XTP interfaces discussion (@jbenet)
- Reminder: Think about Stories for Q1! -- WHO, WHY, HOW (@flyingzumwalt)
    - now is time for user stories for Q1. Who will be using the tech, why are they using it, how are they doing it.
    - we will collect reference material
- Stuff from Discourse (@flyingzumwalt)
    - [Decentralized Web Primer](http://ipfs.trydiscourse.com/t/decentralized-web-primer-the-beginnings-of-an-ipfs-book/40)
        - first three sections have come together!
        - Please take a look and review.
        - can we pass link around? yes-- it's WIP, but sections should be useful at this point. try them out and give feedback.
    - [How do we know if Discourse is right for us?](http://ipfs.trydiscourse.com/t/how-do-we-know-if-discourse-is-right-for-us/34/14) 
        - please weigh into this discussion!
- Demos
    - @dignifiedquire has demoed documentation generation and publishing for js modules
    - @jbenet has a depviz demo
    - @RichardLitt wants to point out that https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/279 is a demo
- Moderator/notetaker for next time:
 * Moderator: @lgierth
 * Notetaker: @diasdavid

<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last
version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and
submitting a PR. -->