## libp2p

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @flyingzumvalt

#### Participants

- __Names__

## Agenda

- Quick catch up, what is everyone focused on
- Next week is the IPFS gathering, everyone will have the chance to participate (Matt)
- Review Q3

**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

### dig's sum up

https://gist.github.com/dignifiedquire/5a157ce1c80305ff8a5bf0b175813e21
(as covered on js-ipfs and go-ipfs calls)
* secio implementation across all libraries
* crypto is way faster
* interoperability between js-ipfs and go-ipfs

### Q3 Roadmap Review

**Milestone 1: JS and Go libp2p interop** succeeded!
* Need to get interop tests onto CI. This has been a bit tricky.

**Milestone 2 - Improve Connectivity of go-libp2p/go-ipfs** - DROPPED

**Milestone 3 - Standardize libp2p Organization**

* consolidated everything into one libp2p org and standardized repos, README, etc.
* posted guidance for people looking to do libp2p implementations in different languages
* ipfs-repos service shows the state of all this work. Most of it is green
* Still ~70 simple PRs related to this work are waiting for review. This is a good way for newbies to contribute.
* We should revisit how we link between repositories -- this makes it hard to reame or move repositories.
* TODO for @RichardLitt: Add a list of these PRs to the Roadmap

**Milestone 4 - libp2p.io**
Check  out https://github.com/libp2p/website to see this work in progress
* Almost done! We had to switch from using Jekyll to using Hugo
* TODO: @diasdavid check in with @RichardLitt about messaging and how to market libp2p (this has been neglected)

**Milestone 5 - Developer Experience** - WAS NOT A Q3 PRIORITY
We did improve a lot, but it wasn't a priority. 
Need a strong commitment to writing good documentation for libp2p

This would be a great priority for Q4. As with go-ipfs, _it would be great if we could spend Q4 focused on quality, cleanup, performance and developer experience._

**Milestone 6 - Move DHT to use IPRS** - WAS NOT A Q3 PRIORITY
**Milestone 7 - Break DHT into Peer Routing and Content Routing** - WAS NOT A Q3 PRIORITY
**Milestone 8 - Packet Switching / Overlay Network** - WAS NOT A Q3 PRIORITY
@lgierth: There was no significant progress on this in Q3. It was blocked by the move to multiformats org, which was the right choice, but prevented forward progress on this.

### Pubsub Testnet (pstn)

A `libp2p-pstn-*` ecology was started last week and the initial modules are being wrapped up in the next day. 

They are built to work with David's [initial FloodSub implementation](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-floodsub). We still need to firm up a pubsub implementation interface that allows for deeper metrics, but this initial `libp2p-pstn` will allow basic benchmarking for message propagation.

**The modules we now have include:**
- `libp2p-pstn-node`: for creating testnet node instances. ([Repo link](https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/js-libp2p-pstn-node))
- `libp2p-pstn-logger`: for adding testnet logging functionality to each pubsub instance. This works with instances from @diasdavid's initial floodsub implementation. ([Repo link](https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/js-libp2p-pstn-logger))
- `libp2p-pstn-stats`: for benchmarking pubsub implementations in the testnet. ([Repo link](https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/js-libp2p-pstn-stats))
- `libp2p-pstn-topo-*`: for creating testnet node topologies (distinctly different from pubsub topologies). _repo up in the next day_
  * `libp2p-pstn-topo-ring` and  `libp2p-pstn-topo-partial-mesh` will be the first available
- `libp2p-pstn`: the actual testnet instance. It will use [pregenerated keys](https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/js-peer-id-pregen) to speed things up. _repo up in the next day_

### list of "Supporting Modules" for people implementing IPFS in new languages
https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/177
@dignifiedquire has done some work on this and might do more if he has free time

### go-lip2p
https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/milestones

For Q4:
Near-term
    * Improve NAT Traversal. 
      * ready to do some work around testing NAT traversal. This might be very interesting to the mesh networking community 
      * @kubuxu We're currently doing universal PnP but not sure we're doing actual NAT punching, which sometimes is necessary
Not-so-near-term
    * libp2p Relay
    * Connection Closing

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
