## orbit

#### Lead: @haadcode
#### Notetaker: @RichardLitt

#### Participants
- @victorbjelkholm
- @em-ly
- @RichardLit
- @flyingzumwalt
- @dignifiedquire
- @hsanjuan
- @haadcode
- @jbenet
- @lgierth
- @keks
- @jesseclay

## Agenda

- Talk about wishes, ideas, needs, priorities and goals for Q4 
  - Start by looking at the Backlog: https://waffle.io/haadcode/orbit
  - @haadcode's wishes for priorities:
      - "Make Orbit usable for a small team" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/126 
        - This goal is an overarching goal for pretty much all of the rest and will include bunch of sub tasks, TBD (eg. https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/15)
      - "Orbit builds should be publicly available" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/132
      - "Have a basic website for Orbit" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/146
      - "Electron fails to start on Windows." https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/144 --> Love for Windows version
      - "Tests for the Electron app" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/113
      - "Separate UI to its own project" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/112
      - "Separate Orbit.js (core) to its own module" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/111
      - "Send actual objects to pubsub instead of the object hashes" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit-db/issues/91
      - "Namespace the channels" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/145
      - "Fix channel history fetching" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/123
      - "Fix directory view so that html pages can be "run" directly by opening them" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/125
      - "Add a date separator to the channel view" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/118
      - "Messages should support simple markdown" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/62
      - "Orbit <--> IRC" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/67
      - "Cache emoji icons" https://github.com/haadcode/orbit/issues/24
      - Bots 
 - Readme for all of @haadcode's awesome repos
 - Solid documentation across repos 
     -  Contributing guidelines (right now it's only in haadcode/orbit)
- Have a QA doc

People are asking about:
 - Being able to load Orbit with a link (running Orbit in the browser with js-ipfs)
 
Take a look if the UX can be made better, easier to setup / Onboarding (victor)


- PLEASE ADD WHAT *YOU* WOULD LIKE TO SEE/HAVE/IMPLEMENT IN/FOR ORBIT!! 


**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**. 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

 - There's been an uptick in users for Orbit over the past few weeks, it's been great seeing all the breakage. 
  Trends we've noticed:
     - Not a lot of love for Windows right now, going to be working on giving them some love.

Note: All of these have issues on GitHub (see list above). 

### Goals

- Moar tests!
- Make the UX smoother; you shouldn't have to guess if it is working or not, whether you are connected or not. 
- With pubsub, we're now sending hashes of the messages. Would be great to send just the messages. @jbenet and @why were saying it will be more stable, too.
- Namespacing the channels: Right now, each channel is all just one string. They get translated into pubsub topics. Namespacing so there are no clashes would be great. 
- Small UX stuff: date separator, for instance. "It gets wibbly-wobbly, timing wise" - Haad
- Orbit on IRC; there's been a few people who have expressed interest. Not just a gateway, but a more elegant solution using IRC inside of orbit, and so on. There's a few difficult things, like identity.
- Bots. Spent a good amount of time last quarter on this. Now it is just sending a separate core for these modules, so that you can `npm i` the Orbit communition code. So, this will make it easy to write bots.

### Product Design

- Would be great to have user storyboarding, and different design decisions and how they all fit together. Product design. 
- Right now, this is all in @haadcode's head.
- How do we talk about this. 
- @haadcode: I've been trying to output all of my ideas into the issues on github. There isn't one clear place where you can go and see what orbit would look like. 
- A product design piece is missing. 
- Would be good to give a place for this conversation happen. 

### General Testing and walk throughs for new users

- One thing that would be good to do is to sit down and go through all the different pieces together. Really enumerate what all of the pieces needs to be. 
- AKA: Thing on dist.ipfs.io, autoupdate on electron, bugs that come up on install... Working through all of that would be awesome. 
- @haadcode has been doing all the heavy lifting on that, but would be good to have an audit of the whole process. From saying orbit to being in orbit. 
- Would be good to have the community in on that. 
- This is one of the features that Slack does well; they made this easy. 
- Would be good to have a milestone with a deliverable from those conversations. 

- Skipping READMEs, covered elsewhere

- Orbit with a link
- Relay would be needed to make this great
- Would be possible to run bots through go-ipfs
- The bots come in, once encryption comes in, put them outside of encryption. They're relaying cypher text, so can be used as bouncers of data. 

- Pubsub: is pubsub in js working as well in go-ipfs?
- No, but libp2p floodsub working as well as go-ipfs pubsub. 
- Gavin is working on the pubsub testnet. There's work there to put out pubsub over that testnet, to make sure it works and that it doesn't take too much memory. We know that we have interop, we have the primitives, the last thing we were working on was the interface discussion, because the interface was different for go and js, and now we know why, and what, and now we need to make it on the js side. This was written in notes, but more this is talking about the way subscriptions were made, and how they are cancelled. Better for the dev if the subscription gets cancelled if the request on that description gets cancelled as well. Right now we have to do a hack in js-ipfs-api to do the subscription, and if that could be handled in a restful way, so that we don't keep the state, that would be fantastic. @diasdavid was more in favor of RESTful, but @jbenet and @why pointed out that IPFS nodes subscribing, without anyone knowing what they are subscribed too, is hard on the network. Better to drop the requests. We also don't want to make more requests from the same feed. So, we need to work on this in js-ipfs. 

### Metrics

- We don't want to track users in a normal way; so, no Google analytics. However, we could use Orbit to track orbits, using anonymous usernames and anon IPS. Just knowing there are users is smart. 
- If not, we've got to live with it. Privacy above metrics. 
- We've got to think about the social networking aspects of orbit - friendlists, maybe. Or whether channels are public, and directories that could be chosen to be linked in. We should open an issue to discuss this. 

### Last point: orbit-db

- @keks has been doing work on ipfs-log in go. Very core, most important component of this whole stack. (Missed this, so sorry! ~ @RichardLitt) Coming along! Thank you!

### Wrap up
- People <3 orbit
- Let's make it awesome for a community to use, and make the future of the web the way it was supposed to be!
