## go-ipfs

#### Lead: @whyrusleeping
#### Notetaker: @RichardLitt

#### Participants

- @victorbjelkholm
- @whyrusleeping
- @em-ly
- @RichardLit
- @flyingzumwalt
- @hsanjuan
- @haadcode
- @kubuxu
- @jbenet
- @kevina
- @lgierth


## Resources
https://waffle.io/ipfs/go-ipfs
https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/milestones


## Agenda

### Goals for IPFS in Q4

- Better test coverage
  - in particular:
      - dht tests
      - bitswap tests (new and exciting scenarios)
- NAT traversal testnet (hardware is ready, just need to do things with it)
- finish and release ipld
- better bitswap
  - don't send wantlists to every peer all the time. Huge bandwidth suck.
- simulation and benchmarking
  - continuous testnet
- core-api
  - to extract e.g. ipfs-gateway and ipfs-mount
  - core/commands backed by core-api
- documentation
  - examples
  - best practices
  - "deep dive into X" posts
- gx
  - finish gx'ing of go-ipfs
  - better gx tooling
- directory sharding


- private networks
  - shared key private network
- reduce bandwidth usage
  - dht client mode? [x]
  - coral dht extensions (improves both latency and bandwidth usage)
  - pubsub content routing?
  - bitswap
  
  - Merge filestore code??? https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/2634
     - related: multi-blockstore

### Most requested things from users/partners
- private networks
- reduce bandwidth
- reduce resource usage (mem, cpu)
- connectivity being better
- go-ipfs-api
- Tor integration
- datastore - filestore
- sharding


**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**. 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

 - Main focus for Q4: not adding new features, but improving what we've already established.

- Distinction between new features and things that are still in flight; for instance, private networks. Sort of a new feature, sort of been worked on. Datastore-file storage is another similar item. We need to do a lot of review landing this. 
- Other things going on: talking about UTP, quick (sp?). Mostly integration - they would do then, and then we would help out. 
- Might be that we spend a bunch of time focused on what we have now, fixing bugs, and bandwidth reduction, getting it more stable. Making it rock solid. 

- Goal for this session: figuring out priority and difficulty, so that we can slot them into the roadmap.

### Projects

#### Most immediate and third quarter carry-overs.
- 0.4.4 release as a pinset bug patch. Hope to have this done today. 
    - Fix already merged into master, and a patch on 0.4.3 so that people can get it out sooner. 
    - @whyrusleeping has a tool if you've encountered a pin bug, but you haven't run gc, then you can run the tool. Contact @whyrusleeping.
   - Would be good to have this in a post. - @whyrusleeping will work on the blogpost for this.
- CBOR IPLD nodes will be available hopefully quite soon, at least in some dev builds.
- @kevina is working on the filestore code. pretty close on that.
- Core API: Coming along slowly. Once two PRs are merged, the gateway can be extracted, and that can be a blueprint for doing work on and with the core-api. 
- Ideal community project, but will require chunking into smaller pieces of work. 
- Code coverage endeavor from Q3 is maybe 2/3 done. Lots of work, lots more than expected. Going to keep pushing that. 
- Ship more tests.

#### Q4 Specific things
- Docs. Want to make it easier for people to make stuff with IPFS. Going to talk more about this specifically later, but this is a big goal for us. 
- Cleanup. Going through issues, fixing bugs. 473 issues currently. We're working on this. Paying off technical debt. 
- Not just about the number; more about triaging and hitting the most important ones. 
- We've surfaced a lot of the bigger things; would be good to go through this pad and 
- Will provide a nice ramp for Q4, leading up into Q1

- Finished working on go-ports, fixed go-ipfs on the raspberry pi. IPFS won't spawn thousands of threads anymore. We use fewer filer connections.
- Raspberry pis have threadcount limits, so, that's fixed. :D

What we want to see in particular:
    - Test coverage, esp. of NAT traversal
    - A testnet, with variable loads
    - More docs and examples, best practices for IPFS, deep dives for go-ipfs, posts...
    - Start looking at work on private networks. Not sure if this is prioritized, but will be part of it. 
    - DHT changes, fixes to Bitswap.
    - Using Pubsub
    - Merge the filestore code
    - The sooner this gets in, the happier @kevina is

- Tor integration: will require lots of QA QC.

Not a huge list, but can be done. Now would be a great time to start surfacing stuff. If people have certain things that they really want us to post, would be a good time for them to reference it for us. 

- @RichardLitt: Make an issue for Q4 feedback and desires, put it in ipfs/comunity and ipfs/go-ipfs
- Because right now the only way is on IRC, which isn't great.
- @RichardLitt: Look into finding a tool to judge reactions and most-commented issues in go-ipfs
