## libp2p

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @lgierth

#### Participants

- @diasdavid
- @Kubuxu
- @dignifiedquire
- @VictorBjorkholm
- @gavinmcdermott
- @kumavis
- @hsanjuan
- @lgierth

## Agenda

- Let's do it Waffle first this time
  - in progress
    - getting webrtc back into nodejs
  - ready
- Status of the WebSite
  - nothing new here, victor was sick
  - we have rough structure
  - focus on init of ipld and multiformats first, then real work on libp2p
  - more next week
- Floodsub Integration
  - Work was started integrating `libp2p-floodsub` into `js-ipfs`
  - Building against the API that is expected by [this branch](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-api/pull/377) of `js-ipfs-api`
  - Initial PR, tests, and insights will be up this week
  - floodsub api itself still subject to change and figuring things out
  - naming: using the name floodsub gives us the room to experiment and only 
name it pubsub once it's stabilized
  - @haadcode's floodsub work: https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/531
- something something floodsub testnet
  - cc @kumavis i lack context to write notes
  - async-crypto is done, waiting for it to bubble up through the dependency tree?
- UDP transport in go-libp2p
  - udp support in go-multiaddr-net: https://github.com/multiformats/go-multiaddr-net/pull/23
  - initial go-udp-transport: https://github.com/libp2p/go-udp-transport/pull/2


- Metamask
  - https://github.com/metamask/metamask-plugin
  - https://metamask.io

**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes


##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue