# IPFS All Hands Call Oct 3

**Moderator:**  @em-ly
**Notetaker:**  ~~@lgierth~~ @dignifiedquire
**Attendees** 
- @dignifiedquire
- @flyingzumwalt
- @richardlitt
- @Kubuxu
- @diasdavid
- @whyrusleeping
- @em-ly
- @haadcode
- @hsanjuan (Hector)

## Agenda

1. Roll call - see [timezone-based roll call](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md) guide
2. Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
3. Roadmaps! Q3 Reviews & Q4 Planning (@em-ly & @flyingzumwalt)
4. Hydra Connect https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/hydra/Hydra+Connect+2016 https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/173
5. IIIF https://github.com/ipfs/notes/issues/170 (@flyingzumwalt)
6. DEVCON2 Review
7. Demos
8. Moderator/notetaker for next time:
 * Moderator: TBD
 * Notetaker: TBD
 
 ## Notes
 
### 1. Roll call

### 2. Please add Agenda Items 

### 3. Roadmaps! Q3 Reviews & Q4 Planning

@em-ly: In the next couple of weeks the calls will be focused on
- review of the Q3 roadmaps, what worked, what happened. 
- what should happen in Q4

@flymingzumvalt: This week, review what happened in Q3 (the last 3 month)
Keep in mind we want to move to a more community based approach. 
 
@richardlitt Suggestion, to keep videos public for a bit longer. 
 
TODO: open issue discussing about how long the stream videos are kept public on youtube
 
### 4. Hydra Connect
 
- Happening in Boston
- OpenSource project that @flyinzumvalt was very involved in the last 10 years
- focused on libraries and archivists
- @richardlitt and @flyingzumvalt are there, @nicola will be there tomorrow
  - show @richardlitt how things are working around there
  - promote IPFS for data storage
  - Linked Data & IPLD connection

### 5. IIIF

- Distribution of images for libraries and universities
- Framework/spec for distribution of images
- ref https://github.com/ipfs/notes/issues/170
- @flyingzumvalt + @dignifiedquire will go to the meeting at the end of the month to present IPFS

### 6. Devcon Feedback

@haadcode
- Lots of <3 for IPFS
- Very positive feedback generally
- Many people are using IPFS
  
@diasdavid
- Many groups are using IPFS we did not know about before
- A lot of conversations with the Ethereum developers
- Very positive message of collaboration between Ethereum + IPFS
- Everybody was after us after the talk
- Many good conversations after the end of the conference
- Go watch Juans talk when they are online

@haadcode
- 3 Talks: 
  - @jbenet: Filecoin
  - @diasdavid: libp2p <3 Ethereum
  - @haadcode: Orbit
- they will be online soon hopefully   

@diasdavid
- Lots of work on IPLD, but there are many notes around what happened on the conference, will create
  blog post and things later. 
    
@em-ly
- Was there any feedback that directly influenced the roadmap and thinking around this?

@diasdavid
- IPLD has evolved and a lot of changes have been made to it. Confirmation that IPLD is important to people.
- Pubsub is important. People want to use it to build things. Confirmation that pubsub is important to people.
- Pubsub was not part of the roadmap, it was added very sudden two weeks before Devcon (main reason, completely decentralised Orbit)

@haadcode
- Confirm IPLD and Pubsub
- Good feedback on Orbit. Already fixed many things on it during the conference.
- Make Orbit really usable in the next quarter

@flyingzumvalt
- Conference driven development, drive deadlines and planning through conferences
- Did the conversations around IPLD clarify the use cases for it?

@diasdavid
- We already knew a lot of use cases
- Interfaces to IPLD are now better understood and clearer
- CID link to different formats (not only ipfs/ipld)
- Chat with Ethereum about how to put their chain onto IPFS & IPLD which helped how to 

@dignifiedquire
Q about pubsub

@diasdavid
- Wall in Lisbon. Pubsub was dropped to the second row.
- First row was the official roadmap. Second row was optional goals
- Pubsub is a large endeavour, literature review, discussions, etc. 
- We shipped Floodsub, a very primitive version of pubsub. 
- Should have split pubsub into two different notes. 

@kubuxu
- Understood it different. IPLD was more important than pubsub. 

@diasdavid
- Yes, but there were other things as well. 
- Should have been more clear about the importance of pubsub.
- Conferences & demos are a driving force in planning and features.

@flyingzumvalt
- Conference/demo is one sanity check, the other is product launches. 
- Need to increase those voices to make sure people can ship things into production 


### 7. Demos

1. Video Demo from @diasdavid (from his talk for Devcon)
  - https://github.com/libp2p/js-ethereum-libp2p
  - Fetching block from ethereum
2. @flyingzumvalt demo 
  - IIIF viewer, which pulls the tiles from IPFS

### 8. Moderator & Notetaker for the next time

- Moderator: @flyingzumvalt
- Notetaker: @lgierth 

### 9. Misc

- Hector is [probably] going to OpenNebulaConf http://2016.opennebulaconf.com/
