# IPFS All Hands Call - 7/11/16

**Moderator:**  @diasdavid
**Notetaker:**  @sidharder
**Attendees** 
* @flyingzumwalt  
  - @kubuxu
  - @hsanjuan
  -  @lgierth
  - @dignifiedquire
  - keks
  - @victorbjelkholm
  - @flyingzumwalt  
  - @em-ly
  - sidharder
  - Mateon1
  

## Agenda

<!-- Ensure notetaker is present before you begin -->

- Roll call - see [timezone-based roll call](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md) guide
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)

<!-- Add items here -->

- Roll call - see [timezone-based roll call](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md) guide
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
- Trying out Discourse https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/190 (@flyingzumwalt)
  - This is just a trial-run.
  - How will we evaluate? What should we try? How will we use this trial to make well-informed decision about whether to adopt?
- PM Process Discussions https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/244 (@flyingzumwalt)

- Demos -- @gsf trials with ipfs on on vps
- Moderator/notetaker for next time:
 * Moderator: @lgierth
 * Notetaker: sidharder


## Notes

### Discourse.org Trial
- Discourse.org, use as trial (https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/190), people should try it out. Have not committed to using it.
- Mat: How should we approach using discourse.
- Mat: Cant get realistic with. Most discussion should take place in Github issues.
- Fiedel:  added catergories, welcome post
- Role of FAQ - potentially subjects for the forum.
- David: bring some issues into discourse, link to previous discussiions.
- Everyone should create an account.
- Mat: consolidating discussions, things that are really forum discussions.  Feels like reading a Github issue, Can get more people involved in each issue.
- Matt: Can only have 2/4 moderators - can establish trust level.
David: when will we dicsuss discourse again. 
Mat: Let's discuss that on discourse.  Three weeks to short, three months to long. Topic: http://ipfs.trydiscourse.com/t/how-do-we-know-if-discourse-is-right-for-us-and-how-long-time-will-it-take-to-figure-out/24

### Project Management Discussion:
    - Consolidating the PM doc.
    - Mat: push back because of confilict, have conversation about what we really need.  Have earnest conversation.  May radically change the document.
    - David: We started with proposal for new process, iterating, need attachments, need to leverage all content
    - Mat: First Draft, Second more clear about, has evolved over time, next document should be more clear, may last for the long term.

### Demos

- Examples of demos, IPFS is chatting and run the costs up.

- Implementation of search engine - need to join the apps call 

- The notion of a pinning service is not documented.  We should write this up. There is also no document about file API.

-- Matt: creating issue on comming up with appropriate demos. https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/195

### Taking Notes
@richard has suggested changing how we take notes so that participants watch the notes instead of watching the agenda while notetaker toils alone at the bottom of the pad.

keks pointed out that the formatting is a big factor in readability
-- @flyingzumwalt had some positive experiences with  confluence, can go back and forth between WYSIWYG and markdown more smoothly.




