## IPLD

#### Lead: @nicola
#### Notetaker: @diasdavid

#### Participants

- __Names__

## Agenda

- Review the roadmap: https://github.com/ipld/ipld/issues/3
- Website effort going on https://github.com/ipld/website/milestone/1
- Paper update (http://www2017.com.au/, Jan, happening in April in Australia)
- State of things implementation wise (feedbacks! we want the feedbacks :))
- Off-topic: Research on Leaf-based


**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

### IPLD Roadmap

IPLD was merged in js and go
Support exists for:
- dag-cbor
- dag-pb
- zcash
- ethereum
- git

interface-ipld-format: https://github.com/ipld/interface-ipld-format
**DAG API discussion: https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/issues/81**

### Website

Victor + Richard and Nicola have discussed and thought through really deeply what needs to happen for the website, it has been document in this milestone: https://github.com/ipld/website/milestone/1

### Spec

- CID Spec - We need a document that explains CID so that people don't have to read the "EXPERIMENTAL" issue
- IPLD Spec 

### Paper

Nicola going to submit a ahort paper for the World Wide Web Conference (submission: January) http://www2017.com.au/


##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
