# IPFS All Hands Call November 28

**Moderator:** @jbenet
**Notetaker:** @lgierth
**Attendees**
- @whyrusleeping
- @kubuxu
- @diasdavid
- @victorbjelkholm
- @jbenet
- @flyingzumwalt
- @haadcode
- @RichardLitt
- @lgierth
- @hsanjuan
- @keks
- @sidharder
- @jonnycrunch


## Agenda

<!-- Ensure notetaker is present before you begin -->

- Roll call - see [timezone-based roll call](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md) guide
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
- Agenda Change: Moving the calls around (@RichardLitt)
- Proposal to Improve the Apps on IPFS session (@diasdavid)
    - Invite IPFS hackers and contributors to come up with demos
    - Have a list of people hacking stuff with IPFS (potentially continue awesome-ipfs)
    - Ping them everyweek to join us and show an update
    - Ask permission to share it through blog/newsletter
- Bring back the newsletter, I miss it, the community misses it, everyone wants it (@diasdavid)
    - Someone needs to take ownership, I know, but who is available? Maybe within the whole community?
        - Add a subscriber box to ipfs.io
- What is the status of the IPFS Blog? What is in progress, what are the goals there? (@em-ly, @richardlitt)
    - https://ipfs.io/blog/ could use some love design wise
- Status of Milestone and Labels Generator - https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/257 (@flyingzumwalt)
    - Can we make https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/596 and https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/595 its own module?
    - Adding milestones to issues is a time consuming task, I'm worried (David) to spend all of that time to then learn that the tool will duplicate milestones, loose tagging and so on. What I mean is, can we have it as a separate tool with testing? Otherwise it can go very hairy very quickly.
- multiaddr design discussion - DNS + TLS pretty please! https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/102 (@diasdavid)
- Status Update on the http-api-spec (@hsanjuan) - https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/227
    - Is there any tests we can run against implementations?
    - Is the HTTP-API Spec linked anywhere? (go-ipfs, js-ipfs-api, places where people could use that info)
- Greenkeeper no more (please :)) @diasdavid ~~https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/205~~ https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/197
- Note on writing agenda items (@RichardLitt, for @everyone)
- HackMD notes (@RichardLitt)
- depviz update (@jbenet)
    - https://wking.github.io/depviz
    - https://wking.github.io/depviz/#/http/github.com/jbenet/depviz/1
<!-- Add items here -->
- Demos
    - From @haadcode: IPFS command benchmarks - https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmeAQwEmsUGhET2oYgoVoYbpTs53gN2e985P2k7v832pB4
    - sprint-helper
- Moderator/notetaker for next time:
 * Moderator: @RichardLitt
 * Notetaker: @victorbjelkholm

## Notes

- Apps on IPFS
  - @richardlitt: add stuff to awesome-ipfs, all of us are curators there
  - @jbenet: be careful with pinging people that build something. raise awareness of the open apps call, so that people can come if they want.
  - @jbenet: one of the useful things of this call can be that it's not just about showing, but also about talking about how to build apps.
  - @daviddias will follow up in a GH issue
  - @richardlitt: newsletter isn't going forward at the moment, would be great if someone would own it. blog needs an owner too.
- newsletter
  - @richardlitt offers to help out, but we need to find someone to own it
  - @lgierth notes it might help to not shoot for 100% completeness from the beginning
  - @jbenet let's follow up in a distrinct newsletter discussion, [... TODO more]
  - @flyingzumwalt notes that PM tooling (waffle boards, roadmap generator) might help source stuff
  - @richardlitt yes that'd help but it's still a tremendous effort to source stuff for each newsletter issue.
- Milestones
  - There's a lot to consider; who will maintain the tool?
  - We could join todogroup.org and talk to them about using it
  - We could put depviz on IPFS, and use that, dogfooding
  - There's a lot to cover here - someone should create an issue (@flyingzumwalt)?
- Multiaddr
  - If by tomorrow there hasn't been resolution, we can schedule a call
  - May want to create a new issue; @diasdavid will make an issue on the multiaddr spec
- Greenkeeper
  - Opened a issue about it (https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/197)
- roadmap-generator
  - @daviddias has concerns about duplication of efforts
  - @flyingzumwalt yeah it's a hack - e.g. it identifies milestones by their title. it needs way more tooling, e.g. updating or deleting milestones. we can't quite use it right now, maybe in Q1? not sure.
  - @daviddias feels like the tool needs to be a first-class project with roadmap etc. -- strongly votes for investing more time here.
  - @flyingzumwalt: who'd maintain it, is anyone available?
  - @diasdavid: maybe someone from the community as it might be useful for other communities
  - @flyingzumwalt: i can take care of sourcing the info and all that
  - @richardlitt: there's people who try to improve PM in open source communities, we should look at working with them (todogroup)
  - @flyingzumwalt: have been looking into multirepo milestones in gitlab, not too happy about the experience. has strengths, has weeknesses. others should check it out too.
  - @richardlitt: github just opened up their platform roadmap to the public, we should look at what will happen there in the future.
  - @keks: maybe we can build something on top of ipfs #dogfeeding
  - we'll follow up in a GH issue
- /dns and /tls multiaddrs
  - @daviddias: the lack of these is getting more and more painful
  - @jbenet: tls might not belong into multiaddrs, given how we do secio in other places
  - @lgierth: whereever we do secio, we have multistream around that
  - @daviddias: when saying tls, i really mean just https and wss. we really need that as a transport for browsers.
  - call this week
- update on http api spec
  - yes
  - yes
  - can't easily generate test code right now, but that's worth giving a try when my cluster work is done-ish
- greenkeeper
  - @daviddias: greenkeeper PRs eat up our travis ci queues. also lots of noise in the waffle boards. it was also introduced to save ourselves from bugs from dep updates, but that never happened. it doesn't seem to be the solution to the problem.
  - @richardlitt: if the points are already written down, it's usually enough to just point to the issue, otherwise your voice gets double the weight.
  - @lgierth: greenkeeper/travis queues might be affecting go repos too
  - @kubuxu: yes but this might just generally be travis's problems with osx builds
  - let's follow up in GH issue
- on adding agenda items
  - be more explicit when adding names to the item
  - e.g. "@richardlitt, for @everyone"
  - @lgierth should report hackmd caret bug
- depviz
  - it starts becoming usable
  - please add "depends on #123" to first comment of issues to try it out



<!-- The notetaker is responsible for saving this file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes after the call, by opening a PR to this repo. -->
