# IPFS All Hands Call 2017-04-10

Recording: https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmZrC1gZMMgvkbNLJyFVZeGZMy8F7sNkLRHoy58Fh96gAS

**Moderator** Matt
**Notetaker** keks

**Attendees**:
- keks
- Marten Seemann
- jonnyrunch
- Matt Zumwalt
- Jay Carpenter
- frank petrilli
- kumavis
- Nannal

## Agenda

- Jay: What is the status of the docs sprint?
- keks: status of the `commands` rework
- kumavis: status update
- marten: QUIC in libp2p
- Frank: Kubernetes
- JohnnyCrunch: status update
- Matt: Applications on IPFS
- Sprints coming up
- Discourse is up

## Notes

### Status of docs sprint
 - doc sprint is over
 - most of the work has been merged
 - focus was preparing for a hire for a docs community manager
 - most participants moved on to other work

### @keks WIP `commands` rework (go-ipfs)
 - started a while ago
 - changes the way the API is defined internally
 - pretty much done, in cleanup and review phase
 - should be done by the end of the week if no larger problems show up in review

### @kumavis: status update
 - has not been able to work on ipfs<->eth stuff

### Marten: status update
 - have been working on integrating quic to libp2p
 - progress!
 - demo ping over native quic muxing works
 - still needs some work for clean-ups, 1-2weeks
 - Matt: what's nice about quic?
 - there are a couple of benefits
 - no head of line blocking due to udp
 - no stream muxers
 - 0-RTT handshake possible
 - probably pretty unrelated to "theconnect

### Frank is still working on Kerbenetes
 - mostly cleanup now

### JonnyCrunch
 - talking to NIST about decentralized identifiers and verigiable claims
 - talking to ABMS and the state of Illinois
 - if we can actually have the protocol spec published through IANA gives IPFS more weight, esp. in pilot
   - Jay let's talk offline, a lot of crossover
 - Matt: Do you think this is time-sensitive?
   - It's important to plant the seed as early as possible
   - JSON-LD needs support for decentralized identifiers and credentials
   - multiformats would be great here
   - Jay: big conversation in the telco community about authentication. Bringing up IPFS as a toolset to solve problems in there.

### Matt: [Applications of IPFS]
 - The issues in ipfs/ipfs have been studied and condensed in this document
 - Jay: My community investigates solving IoT-problems with IPFS.
   - Matt: there is at least one group that is working on this but it's not sure if they do it publicly. There is a Github Issue in ipfs/ipfs for IoT but it's empty.

### no formal sprints planned in the next weeks
because the current tasks don't fit that format
### discourse is up at https://discuss.ipfs.io!

[Applications of IPFS]: https://hackmd.io/GYFgrAxhBM0IwFoDMA2AhmhI4oKYIE4xowEAGAlMgI2GsjKWqA==
